# Adventure Time Episode Summaries
- [Season 1](#season-1)
- [Season 2](#season-2)
- [Season 3](#season-3)
- [Season 4](#season-4)
___

## [Season 1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adventure_Time_%28season_1%29)
1. **"Slumber Party Panic"** - Finn (voiced by Jeremy Shada) and Princess Bubblegum (voiced by Hynden Walch) must protect the Candy Kingdom from a horde of candy zombies they accidentally created and deal with the consequences of breaking a "royal promise." In the end, the two are able to avert the zombie apocalypse.
1. **"Trouble in Lumpy Space"** - Finn must travel to Lumpy Space to find a cure for Jake (John DiMaggio), who contracted "The Lumps" from Lumpy Space Princess (voiced by Pendleton Ward) at Princess Bubblegum's marshmallow tea party. In Lumpy Space, Finn and Jake find the antidote, and the two are able to attend the "weekly Promcoming".
1. **"Prisoners of Love"** - Having discovered that the Ice King (voiced by Tom Kenny) has captured a number of princesses he sees as potential brides, Finn and Jake team up with the prisoners to set everybody free.
1. **"Tree Trunks"** - Tree Trunks (voiced by Polly Lou Livingston) joins Finn and Jake who go on a quest to fulfill her desire of picking a proposed legendary "crystal gem apple" in an evil forest. The three eventually find the tree, and Tree Trunks eats the apple, only to apparently explode and be transported to a crystal dimension.
1. **"The Enchiridion!"** - Finn and Jake go on a quest for the titular magical book that would prove them worthy of being righteous heroes. After passing through a series of trials and tribulations, Finn acquires the legendary book.
1. **"The Jiggler"** - A strange creature attracted by Finn's auto-tuned singing voice follows the duo to their home and they keep him as a pet. Soon, however, the creature begins to show signs of sickness, and Finn and Jake realize the creature needs the love and attention of its mother. They then return it to its nest.
1. **"Ricardio the Heart Guy"** - Finn believes that Princess Bubblegum's new friend, a literal heart named Ricardio (voiced by George Takei), is evil, and is proven right after learning that Ricardio is the heart of the Ice King. Ricardio reveals that he wants to "make out" with Bubblegum's heart, but he is defeated by Finn and Jake.
1. **"Business Time"** - Finn and Jake fall victim to their own laziness when they delegate their adventuring responsibilities to a group of businessmen they thawed from an iceberg. Eventually, the businessmen's efficiency causes them to become hazards to others, and they are refrozen into an iceberg.
1. **"My Two Favorite People"** - Jake feels overwhelmed at not having enough time for Finn and his girlfriend, Lady Rainicorn (voiced by Niki Yang), so he tries to get them to hang out more. Eventually, Finn and Lady Raincorn become closer than Jake is comfortable with, and he starts feeling jealous.
1. **"Memories of Boom Boom Mountain"** - Finn, motivated by an upsetting experience when he was a baby, tries to reconfirm his desire for helping people out when confronted with one problem after another stemming from a violence-hating mountain.
1. **"Wizard"** - Finn and Jake are coaxed by a skeleton man to enroll in a course for free magic powers. After becoming full-fledged wizards, they realize they were tricked into helping stop an asteroid for all of eternity. Finn rejects the status quo and thinks of a different way to avert the crisis.
1. **"Evicted!"** - Finn and Jake search the land of Ooo for a new home after a vampire queen named Marceline (voiced by Olivia Olson) claims the duo's treehouse as her own. Eventually, Marceline relents, because she thinks Finn and Jake are "cool".
1. **"City of Thieves"** - When confronted by a Tree Witch over how uncorruptible he is, Finn enters the City of Thieves with Jake to confront a thief who is believed to have stolen a flower basket from a little girl named Penny. However, staying pure of heart within the city proves to be easier said than done.
1. **"The Witch's Garden"** - Jake loses his enthusiasm for adventure when a witch strips him of his powers. After Finn is captured by a skeletal mermaid, Jake attempts to regain his powers; he realizes that he has to apologize to the witch in order to receive his powers, which he does.
1. **"What Is Life?"** - Finn builds a Never-Ending Pie-Throwing Robot (N.E.P.T.R., voiced by Andy Milonakis) to pull a prank on Jake, but the machine's conscience is conflicted by the will of the Ice King when he is attacked by a lightning bolt that contained the Ice King's private particles. Eventually, N.E.P.T.R. choose to side with Finn.
1. **"Ocean of Fear"** - While Finn and Jake are playing by the sea, Finn realizes he is terrified of the ocean. The spectral Fear Feaster (voiced by Mark Hamill) taunts Finn about his fear, and Jake determines to help Finn overcome his fear of the ocean by traveling in it with a submarine.
1. **"When Wedding Bells Thaw"** - The Ice King suppresses his kidnapping urges to wed a suspicious bride (voiced by Kerri Kenney-Silver) and convinces Finn and Jake to throw him a "manlorette party". Eventually, Finn and Jake realize that the Ice King has placed a curse ring on his bride's finger, and the duo stop the wedding.
1. **"Dungeon"** - Finn's headstrong decision to explore a dungeon "in 11 minutes" in order to find the Crystal Eye causes a rift to form between Finn and Jake. Eventually, the duo reconcile their issues and discover the treasure, but are nearly killed, only to be saved by an irate Princess Bubblegum.
1. **"The Duke"** - Finn turns Princess Bubblegum green and bald, and faces a moral quandary—whether to confess his mistake and be hated by his friend forever, or let Princess Bubblegum wrongly accuse the Duke of Nuts, who has a pudding obsession, instead.
1. **"Freak City"** - After being transformed into a foot by Magic Man (voiced by Kenny), Finn goes to live with a band of misfits. The group realizes that by working together, they can overcome Magic Man. In the end, Magic Man returns Finn and the rest of misfits to his original form.
1. **"Donny"** - Finn and Jake help a grass ogre named Donny (voiced by Kevin Michael Richardson) turn his life around, without realizing the ecological damage they may be causing in the process. After the duo realizes that Donny's obnoxious personality is necessary for nature, they reverse their aid.
1. **"Henchman"** - Finn takes his place as Marceline's new henchman. Marceline decides to prank Finn by telling him to do task that seem evil, but are actually benign. In the end, Marceline and Finn become friends after Finn saves her from a vampire-slaying Jake.
1. **"Rainy Day Daydream"** - Stuck indoors due to a raining knife storm, Finn discovers that Jake can make his imagination come to life, which starts to cause chaos. The two rush to turn off Jake's imagination, but Finn realizes he must turn his on to achieve their ends.
1. **"What Have You Done?"** - Without giving good details Princess Bubblegum tells Finn and Jake to capture the Ice King as their prisoner, but when they interrogate him they think that he is innocent. After realizing their grave mistake, Finn and Jake right the wrongs they have caused.
1. **"His Hero"** - The great warrior Billy (voiced by Lou Ferrigno) inspires Finn and Jake to practice nonviolence, but the duo finds it difficult to resist old ways. Finn and Jake eventually confront Billy, and manage to successfully explain to him that violence is sometimes necessary.
1. **"Gut Grinder"** - Finn and Jake pursue a havoc-wreaking "Gut Grinder"—a creature that steals and eats others' gold. Jake begins to suspect he himself might be the culprit. Jake eventually battles and defeats the Gut Grinder, and Finn and Jake are able to return all of the stolen gold.

## [Season 2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adventure_Time_%28season_2%29)
1. **"It Came from the Nightosphere"** - After Marceline (voiced by Olivia Olson) sings a song about the relationship between her and her estranged father, Finn (voiced by Jeremy Shada) releases Marceline's dad (voiced by Martin Olson) from the Nightosphere so that father and daughter can reconnect. However, Finn is forced to stop him from stealing all the souls in Ooo.
1. **"The Eyes"** - Finn and Jake are kept awake by an unsettling horse that does nothing but stare at them with its big eyes. Eventually, after a night of attempting to get the horse to leave them alone, the two discover that it is actually the Ice King (voiced by Tom Kenny) in disguise; he is trying to learn the secret to being happy like Finn and Jake.
1. **"Loyalty to the King"** - The Ice King shaves his beard after a princess "breaks up" with him, but when his new look proves to attract other princesses, he capitalizes on the unexpected opportunity by styling himself the "Nice King". At first, Finn and Jake are fooled, but eventually, they discover the truth and try to unravel the Ice King's plans.
1. **"Blood Under the Skin"** - After receiving a splinter on his finger and is harassed by Sir Slicer (Peter Stormare), Finn seeks the Magical Armor of Zelderon for protection, but cannot take the embarrassment. Eventually, Finn realizes that embarrassment is just part of life, and he challenges Sir Slicer to a duel.
1. **"Storytelling"** - While sick and stuck in bed, Jake wants Finn to tell him a story to make him feel better. He sets out into the woods, but his attempts to find a good story anger the local population. Eventually, he is scheduled to be sacrificed by the forest creatures, until he uses his oratory prowess to convince them not to hurt him.
1. **"Slow Love"** - Finn and Jake try to woo a group of lady snails in order to save their house from a giant snail named Snorlock (voiced by Biz Markie), who was using it as a shell. Finn and Jake soon discover that Snorlock is not actually a snail, but rather a slug, which is why he was unable to engage with any snails.
1. **"Power Animal"** - Jake must stay focused in order to rescue Finn, who has been kidnapped by an evil gnome (voiced by Paul Reubens) bent on turning Ooo literally upside down. After several distracts, Jake eventually comes to Finn's rescue.
1. **"Crystals Have Power"** - Finn and Jake visit a crystal dimension where giant crystal creatures begin to turn Finn into a crystal being. It is revealed that the domain is ruled by Tree Trunks, who disappeared in the eponymous first season episode. She has become the crazed ruler of the crystal dimension, but Finn and Jake save her.
1. **"The Other Tarts"** - Finn and Jake volunteer to help Princess Bubblegum (voiced by Hynden Walch) with a dangerous assignment: toting rare and delicious tarts for the Annual Royal Back Rubbing Ceremony. The two decided to take a dangerous path, figuring that no tart bandits would look for them there. After a trip full of mishaps, the tarts are successfully delivered.
1. **"To Cut a Woman's Hair"** - Finn must get a lock of hair from a princess to save Jake from the balding Tree Witch (voiced by Thurop Van Orman), but this task proves harder than expected. After Finn successfully gets some of Princess Bubblegum's hair, the witch refuses to let Jake go, because the hair is merely candy. Eventually, Finn sacrifices his long golden hair to save his friend.
1. **"The Chamber of Frozen Blades"** - Finn and Jake—obsessed with the notion of ninjas—await for the Ice King and Gunter to return to the kingdom, thinking that he is coming back with a stolen princess, and find the Ice King's secret sanctum. When the Ice King returns, the three have a ninja duel.
1. **"Her Parents"** - Jake's relationship with Lady Rainicorn is in danger when he promises to meet with her parents (voiced by Henry Rollins and Laura Silverman), as both species had a long history of war with each other. Jake disguises himself as a Rainicorn, but eventually his cover is blown. Lady Rainicorn's parents are ecstatic, however, because they have an admiration for dogs.
1. **"The Pods"** - Finn and Jake are assigned to watch three magical beans; two of the beans are innocent, but one of them is evil. Finn and Jake plant the three beans and wait for the evil to grow. Eventually, one of the stalks produces evil piglets, and Finn and Jake defeat the beings using a novel method that involves ice cream.
1. **"The Silent King"** - Finn becomes the king of a goblin clan in order to prevent a conflict of violence, but their strange rules prove to be not of his liking. Finn decides to abdicate, but does it in secrecy, so that the goblins continue to think Finn is ruling them, when he is in fact not.
1. **"The Real You"** - Finn agrees to speak at Princess Bubblegum's science barbecue, and, worrying that he is not smart enough, secures the legendary "Glasses of Nerdicon". After putting them on, Finn becomes extremely smart, but accidentally creates a black hole in order to impress the princess.
1. **"Guardians of Sunshine"** - Finn and Jake get sucked into one of BMO's games and they have to defeat all three of his bosses. The two accidentally are transported outside of the game when they tilt it, but three bosses follow them and try to destroy BMO.
1. **"Death in Bloom"** - After killing Princess Bubblegum's plant when they were instructed to take care of it, Finn and Jake make a trip to the Land of the Dead in order to get its soul back. After Jake's memory is wiped and Finn loses a musical duel against Death (voiced by Miguel Ferrer), the two are nearly killed until a lucky coincidence causes Death to spare them.
1. **"Susan Strong"** - Finn is excited to discover what appears to be a tribe of humans living underground near the Candy Kingdom, but gets more than he expected when he tries to teach one of them, the titular Susan Strong (voiced by Jackie Buscarino), about the surface world.
1. **"Mystery Train"** - Wanting to surprise Finn on his 13th birthday, Jake takes Finn on a train, where they get entangled in a murder mystery. In the end, Finn learns that the murders were all a hoax, perpetrated by Jake to make his birthday memorable and interesting.
1. **"Go with Me"** - Marceline and Jake give Finn advice so he can ask Princess Bubblegum to see a movie with him. Jake's advice is much more romantic, whereas Marceline's is more abrasive and rough. Eventually, Finn decides to go to the movies with Marceline, just as friends, but the two are disgusted by the overt displays of romance at the theater.
1. **"Belly of the Beast"** - Finn and Jake learn that a group of bears is throwing a party in a giant's belly, giving him a stomach ache. They decide to break up the party. The duo talk to the clan's leader Party Pat (voiced by Andy Samberg), and after a while, are able to get everyone out before they are destroyed by lava.
1. **"The Limit"** - Finn and Jake must journey through a magic wish-granting maze. Jake, in order to make sure he and Finn do not get lost, stretches himself to his breaking point. Finn, however, is able to successfully retrieve the wish and right all the issues that were caused by the maze.
1. **"Video Makers"** - Finn and Jake are on an epic race to make a movie for their "Finn and Jake Movie Club", but end up arguing over the film's plot—whether it should be a romantic comedy (Jake's idea) or an action/adventure (Finn's idea). Eventually, BMO compiles the footage that shows Finn and Jake that fighting is not how friends should act.
1. **"Mortal Folly" (Part 1)** - The first part of a two-part episode. Finn and Jake must go on a quest to find the Lich (voiced by Ron Perlman), while the Ice King constantly asks them for their blessing to marry Princess Bubblegum. The Ice King accidentally drops Bubblegum into the Lich's well of power.
1. **"Mortal Recoil" (Part 2)** - The second part of a two-part episode. Princess Bubblegum is put into the hospital after accidentally being dropped into the Lich's well of power by the Ice King. But when the spirit of The Lich possesses Bubblegum, Finn and Jake team up with the Ice King to stop him. After Bubblegum is seriously wounded and there is not enough candy bio-mass to save her, she reverts to a 13-year-old.
1. **"Heat Signature"** - Marceline pranks Finn and Jake into thinking that they're vampires, but then her ghost friends start to take things too far and try to kill them. Although Marceline tries to save them, the ghosts decide to eat Finn and Jake's brains until all five are able to bond over the movie Heat Signature.

## [Season 3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adventure_Time_%28season_3%29)
1. **"Conquest of Cuteness"** - Finn (voiced by Jeremy Shada) and Jake (voiced by John DiMaggio) meet the "evil" Cute King (voiced by Jackie Buscarino) and the Cuties, who want to kill Finn and Jake. When they discover the Cuties have never won a fight, the two decide to fake their deaths in battle out of pity.
1. **"Morituri Te Salutamus"** - Finn and Jake become trapped in an arena of gladiator ghosts. Finn gives in  to bloodlust, and Jake becomes obsessed with keeping up the morale.
1. **"Memory of a Memory"** - When Marceline (voiced by Olivia Olson) accidentally traps herself in a sleep spell, Finn and Jake venture into her mind to save her. They soon learn that it was an elaborate trick by Marceline's ex-boyfriend Ash (voiced by Steve Agee) to win her back.
1. **"Hitman"** - After being grounded by Finn and Jake, the Ice King (voiced by Tom Kenny) hires a hitman to go after them thinking that he's just going to punch them. When he sees the hitman actually trying to kill Finn and Jake, the Ice King plans to save them.
1. **"Too Young"** - When the Earl of Lemongrab (voiced by Justin Roiland) finds out that Princess Bubblegum (voiced by Isabella Acres as a young girl, and by Hynden Walch as an adult) has reverted to being only 13 years old, he tries to usurp the Candy Kingdom throne. Finn tries to use pranks to coax him into leaving. Princess Bubblegum eventually  makes herself 18 again so she can re-claim the throne.
1. **"The Monster"** - On a quest from her parents, Finn and Jake track Lumpy Space Princess (voiced by Pendleton Ward) to a village that is being terrorized by a monster. Finn and Jake learn that the monster is actually Lumpy Space Princess, who has run away from home.
1. **"Still"** - The Ice King paralyzes Finn and Jake with a potion and tries to bond with them. Meanwhile, Finn tries to summon an astral beast for help. In the end, the Ice King only manages to freeze himself.
1. **"Wizard Battle"** - The Ice King enters a wizard contest, in which the winning wizard receives a kiss from Princess Bubblegum. When Finn realizes the prize, he and Jake enter and help a wizard named Abracadaniel (voiced by Steve Little) in order to stop Ice King. After winning the contest, the Princess kisses Finn, then slaps him for cheating.
1. **"Fionna and Cake"** - The titular Fionna (voiced by Madeleine Martin) and Cake (voiced by Roz Ryan), a human girl and her cat, replace Finn and Jake as they battle the Ice Queen (voiced by Grey DeLisle) to save Prince Gumball (voiced by Neil Patrick Harris) and the Candy Kingdom. In the midst of the Ice Queen's latest plan, Fionna must also reconcile her feelings for Prince Gumball and also come to terms with who she is.
1. **"What Was Missing"** - Finn (beatboxing), Jake (playing viola), Princess Bubblegum (playing Beemo as an 8-bit instrument) and Marceline (playing bass guitar) form a band in order to defeat the Door Lord and recover what the creature had stolen from them.
1. **"Apple Thief"** - When Tree Trunks' apples are stolen, Finn and Jake dive into the slums of the Candy Kingdom to find the thief.
1. **"The Creeps"** - Finn, Jake, Princess Bubblegum, Lumpy Space Princess, Beemo (voiced by Niki Yang), and Cinnamon Bun (voiced by Dee Bradley Baker) are invited to a masquerade ball hosted by a mysterious "ghost" who begins murdering everyone. Terrified, Finn tries to find the killer.
1. **"From Bad to Worse"** - When Princess Bubblegum's zombie formula from "Slumber Party Panic" re-infects the Candy Kingdom due to Cinnamon Bun's carelessness, Finn, Jake, Lady Rainicorn, and Lumpy Space Princess must attempt to create a cure.
1. **"Beautopia"** - Susan Strong (voiced by Jackie Buscarino) returns and needs help from Finn and Jake to protect her home from "Lub-Glubs", who are revealed to be demonically possessed pool toys.
1. **"No One Can Hear You"** - After a deer knocks Finn unconscious and breaks his legs, he wakes up six months later to find that the Candy Kingdom has been deserted and that Jake has gone insane from a hit to the head; Jake thinks that everyone is having a surprise birthday party for him. But when Finn hears candy people in the sewers and tries to investigate, Jake stops him because he thinks Finn is going to ruin the surprise.
1. **"Jake vs. Me-Mow"** - A small cat and assassin named Me-Mow (voiced by Kyla Rae Kowalewski) blackmails Jake with poison into trying to kill Wildberry Princess (voiced by Maria Bamford) by hiding in his nose.
1. **"Thank You"** - When a Firewolf pup (voiced by Dee Bradley Baker) accidentally gets lost in the mountains and is found by the Snow Golem, they strike up a strange friendship as he tries to return it to its family before being melted by its fire-overrun home.
1. **"The New Frontier"** - When Jake has a prophetic "croak dream" that illustrates his death after coming into contact with a mysterious Banana Man (voiced by "Weird Al" Yankovic), Finn tries to make sure that it does not come true. Everything, however, proceeds according to the dream, save for Jake dying.
1. **"Holly Jolly Secrets"** - Part 1: Finn and Jake dig up the Ice King's video diaries and attempt to uncover his secrets before the Ice King realizes what they have done.   Part 2: The Ice King tries to get the video diaries back. Finn and Jake soon discover, via the tapes, that the Ice King was formerly a human archaeologist who was cursed with his powers after he put his crown on his head.
1. **"Holly Jolly Secrets" (Part 2)**
1. **"Marceline's Closet"** - Finn and Jake hide from Marceline in her own closet after a game of "cloud hunt" goes awry. The two voyeuristically see everything that happens, but are soon discovered; Marceline, however, shows no ill will, revealing that she spies on the duo all the time.
1. **"Paper Pete"** - While Jake reads up on Rainicorn history, Finn meets the Pagelings and their leader Paper Pete (voiced by Peter Browngardt). Finn soon helps defend the books of the library from the destructive Moldos.
1. **"Another Way"** - Finn is scared by clown nurses who want to heal his foot, so he seeks out the magical tears of a cyclops.
1. **"Ghost Princess"** - Finn and Jake try their hand at being detectives in order to discover how Ghost Princess (voiced by Maria Bamford) died so that she can ascend into Ghost World. Ghost Princess eventually falls in love with another ghost named Clarence (voiced by Sam Marin), but it is revealed that during their mortal lives Ghost Princess was accidentally killed by Clarence, who in his grief then died from an over-consumption of cheese.
1. **"Dad's Dungeon"** - Jake and Finn's deceased dad reveals, via a holographic projector, that he built a dungeon to toughen up Finn. Finn is saddened and offended by his dad's perceived meanness, but beats the challenges, realizing that his father was doing it for Finn's own good.
1. **"Incendium"** - Trying to help a brokenhearted Finn, Jake seeks the Flame King's (voiced by Keith David) consent for Finn to date his daughter, Flame Princess (voiced by Jessica DiCicco).

## [Season 4](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adventure_Time_%28season_4%29)
1. **"Hot to the Touch"** - Finn (voiced by Jeremy Shada) develops a crush on Flame Princess (voiced by Jessica DiCicco) and tries to get to know her, which proves difficult due to her destructive and uncontrollable power.
1. **"Five Short Graybles"** - A series of short stories—concerning BMO (voiced by Niki Yang), Finn and Jake (voiced by John DiMaggio), Princess Bubblegum (voiced by Hynden Walch), the Ice King (voiced by Tom Kenny), and Lumpy Space Princess (voiced by Pendleton Ward)—all centered around a common theme of the five senses, hosted by a mysterious man named Cuber (Emo Philips) from the future.
1. **"Web Weirdos"** - Finn must help a grumpy spider couple (voiced by Bobcat Goldthwait and Susie Essman) reconcile before he and Jake are eaten.
1. **"Dream of Love"** - Tree Trunks (voiced by Polly Lou Livingston) is courted by Pig (voiced by Ron Lynch), but their over-expressive love begins to make many people uncomfortable.
1. **"Return to the Nightosphere" (Part 1)** - Finn and Jake awaken with amnesia in the dreaded Nightosphere, buried under a pile of bananas. They seek out the underworld's leader, Marceline's father (voiced by Martin Olson), who apparently is the one who imprisoned them in the first place.
1. **"Daddy's Little Monster" (Part 2)** - After discovering that her father tricked her into turning into an evil demon, Finn and Jake attempt to save Marceline. Jake learns a disturbing secret of the world's bananas.
1. **"In Your Footsteps"** - A bear befriends Finn. Jake, however, thinks he is trying to steal Finn's identity. At the end of the episode, Finn kindly gives the Enchridion, the Book of Heroes, to the bear, believing he wishes to learn how to be a hero himself; however, it is revealed that the bear is secretly working for the Lich, as he is shown giving the book to the Lich's possessed-snail form.
1. **"Hug Wolf"** - After an encounter with an Alpha Hug Wolf, Finn transforms into a Beta Hug Wolf. It is up to Jake to break the curse and turn Finn back to normal before midnight.
1. **"Princess Monster Wife"** - When certain body parts of Ooo's many princesses go missing, Finn and Jake decided to confront the Ice King, who shows them a princess he made out of the missing pieces. She is so horribly deformed that Finn and Jake cannot view her directly without fainting.
1. **"Goliad"** - Princess Bubblegum begins to fear for her mortality, and creates an eternal sphinx named Goliad (voiced by Wendy Linehan) to be her successor. Things go awry, however, when the sphinx turns against Bubblegum.
1. **"Beyond This Earthly Realm"** - After Finn touches a mysterious lamb statue, he is transported into the "spirit world", inhabited by all sorts of bizarre entities. Desperate to return to reality, Finn turns to the one person who can see him: Ice King.
1. **"Gotcha!"** - In order to do research for her tell-all memoir about men, Lumpy Space Princess goes undercover working for Finn and Jake. She eventually learns that Finn is selfless, which makes him "hot on the inside".
1. **"Princess Cookie"** - Finn and Jake are sent in to rescue the hostages from a rogue cookie Baby-Snaps (voiced by Donald Faison). Things get complicated when Jake begins to sympathize with him; he learns that Baby-Snaps only wants to be a princess, like Bubblegum.
1. **"Card Wars"** - Finn and Jake play Card Wars, a tabletop game, in which Jake becomes overly competitive.
1. **"Sons of Mars"** - When the Martian deity Grob Gob Glob Grod (voiced by Tom Gammill, Miguel Ferrer, Melissa Villasenor, and Kenny) comes to arrest Magic Man (voiced by Kenny) for his crimes, he uses his magic to disguise himself as Jake to escape his trial while having the real Jake take his place.
1. **"Burning Low"** - Finn and Jake become convinced that Princess Bubblegum is jealous now that Finn is hanging out with Flame Princess. In reality, Bubblegum is worried that Flame Princess will be unable to withstand romance without burning a hole in the Earth's crust.
1. **"BMO Noire"** - BMO goes on the hunt for Finn's missing sock.
1. **"King Worm"** - Finn and Jake find themselves trapped in their own subconscious by the King Worm (voiced by Erik Estrada).
1. **"Lady & Peebles"** - Princess Bubblegum and Lady Rainicorn (voiced by Yang) go searching for Finn and Jake, who have been missing for three weeks after fighting with the Ice King. It is revealed that Ricardio (voiced by George Takei), the Ice King's living heart, has trapped them and wishes to marry Bubblegum.
1. **"You Made Me"** - When Lemongrab (voiced by Justin Roiland) upsets the Candy Kingdom and demands citizens for his isolated castle, Princess Bubblegum sends the Pup Gang. However, Lemongrab is not satisfied with these rude citizens. Bubblegum eventually makes him a twin to rule with.
1. **"Who Would Win"** - Finn and Jake try to fight a monster known as "The Farm", but after a feud they end up beating each other up. Only a visit from the Dream Lord (voiced by Matthew Broderick) enables them to one-up The Farm.
1. **"Ignition Point"** - Finn and Jake disguise themselves as flame citizens and sneak into the Fire Kingdom on a quest for Flame Princess. Once there, they discover a plot to assassinate the Flame King (voiced by Keith David), and try to thwart it.
1. **"The Hard Easy"** - A group of River Scamps ask Finn and Jake to protect them from the Mega Frog, their predator.
1. **"Reign of Gunters"** - After stealing a demonic wishing eye, Gunter creates clones of himself which cause chaos when he tries to take over the Candy Kingdom.
1. **"I Remember You"** - Ice King and Marceline create a song, and Marceline tries to get the Ice King to remember who he really is. This episode reveals that Marceline and the Ice King knew each other during the atomic war that occurred a thousand years previous, but the Ice King had to leave Marceline because he was going crazy due to the influence of his magical crown.
1. **"The Lich"** - Finn has an ominous dream about the Lich (voiced by Ron Perlman), and sets off with Jake to warn Billy (voiced by Lou Ferrigno).
