# Adventure Time Episode Summaries

## [Season 1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adventure_Time_%28season_1%29)
1. **"Slumber Party Panic"** - Finn (voiced by Jeremy Shada) and Princess Bubblegum (voiced by Hynden Walch) must protect the Candy Kingdom from a horde of candy zombies they accidentally created and deal with the consequences of breaking a "royal promise." In the end, the two are able to avert the zombie apocalypse.
1. **"Trouble in Lumpy Space"** - Finn must travel to Lumpy Space to find a cure for Jake (John DiMaggio), who contracted "The Lumps" from Lumpy Space Princess (voiced by Pendleton Ward) at Princess Bubblegum's marshmallow tea party. In Lumpy Space, Finn and Jake find the antidote, and the two are able to attend the "weekly Promcoming".
1. **"Prisoners of Love"** - Having discovered that the Ice King (voiced by Tom Kenny) has captured a number of princesses he sees as potential brides, Finn and Jake team up with the prisoners to set everybody free.
1. **"Tree Trunks"** - Tree Trunks (voiced by Polly Lou Livingston) joins Finn and Jake who go on a quest to fulfill her desire of picking a proposed legendary "crystal gem apple" in an evil forest. The three eventually find the tree, and Tree Trunks eats the apple, only to apparently explode and be transported to a crystal dimension.
1. **"The Enchiridion!"** - Finn and Jake go on a quest for the titular magical book that would prove them worthy of being righteous heroes. After passing through a series of trials and tribulations, Finn acquires the legendary book.
1. **"The Jiggler"** - A strange creature attracted by Finn's auto-tuned singing voice follows the duo to their home and they keep him as a pet. Soon, however, the creature begins to show signs of sickness, and Finn and Jake realize the creature needs the love and attention of its mother. They then return it to its nest.
1. **"Ricardio the Heart Guy"** - Finn believes that Princess Bubblegum's new friend, a literal heart named Ricardio (voiced by George Takei), is evil, and is proven right after learning that Ricardio is the heart of the Ice King. Ricardio reveals that he wants to "make out" with Bubblegum's heart, but he is defeated by Finn and Jake.
1. **"Business Time"** - Finn and Jake fall victim to their own laziness when they delegate their adventuring responsibilities to a group of businessmen they thawed from an iceberg. Eventually, the businessmen's efficiency causes them to become hazards to others, and they are refrozen into an iceberg.
1. **"My Two Favorite People"** - Jake feels overwhelmed at not having enough time for Finn and his girlfriend, Lady Rainicorn (voiced by Niki Yang), so he tries to get them to hang out more. Eventually, Finn and Lady Raincorn become closer than Jake is comfortable with, and he starts feeling jealous.
1. **"Memories of Boom Boom Mountain"** - Finn, motivated by an upsetting experience when he was a baby, tries to reconfirm his desire for helping people out when confronted with one problem after another stemming from a violence-hating mountain.
1. **"Wizard"** - Finn and Jake are coaxed by a skeleton man to enroll in a course for free magic powers. After becoming full-fledged wizards, they realize they were tricked into helping stop an asteroid for all of eternity. Finn rejects the status quo and thinks of a different way to avert the crisis.
1. **"Evicted!"** - Finn and Jake search the land of Ooo for a new home after a vampire queen named Marceline (voiced by Olivia Olson) claims the duo's treehouse as her own. Eventually, Marceline relents, because she thinks Finn and Jake are "cool".
1. **"City of Thieves"** - When confronted by a Tree Witch over how uncorruptible he is, Finn enters the City of Thieves with Jake to confront a thief who is believed to have stolen a flower basket from a little girl named Penny. However, staying pure of heart within the city proves to be easier said than done.
1. **"The Witch's Garden"** - Jake loses his enthusiasm for adventure when a witch strips him of his powers. After Finn is captured by a skeletal mermaid, Jake attempts to regain his powers; he realizes that he has to apologize to the witch in order to receive his powers, which he does.
1. **"What Is Life?"** - Finn builds a Never-Ending Pie-Throwing Robot (N.E.P.T.R., voiced by Andy Milonakis) to pull a prank on Jake, but the machine's conscience is conflicted by the will of the Ice King when he is attacked by a lightning bolt that contained the Ice King's private particles. Eventually, N.E.P.T.R. choose to side with Finn.
1. **"Ocean of Fear"** - While Finn and Jake are playing by the sea, Finn realizes he is terrified of the ocean. The spectral Fear Feaster (voiced by Mark Hamill) taunts Finn about his fear, and Jake determines to help Finn overcome his fear of the ocean by traveling in it with a submarine.
1. **"When Wedding Bells Thaw"** - The Ice King suppresses his kidnapping urges to wed a suspicious bride (voiced by Kerri Kenney-Silver) and convinces Finn and Jake to throw him a "manlorette party". Eventually, Finn and Jake realize that the Ice King has placed a curse ring on his bride's finger, and the duo stop the wedding.
1. **"Dungeon"** - Finn's headstrong decision to explore a dungeon "in 11 minutes" in order to find the Crystal Eye causes a rift to form between Finn and Jake. Eventually, the duo reconcile their issues and discover the treasure, but are nearly killed, only to be saved by an irate Princess Bubblegum.
1. **"The Duke"** - Finn turns Princess Bubblegum green and bald, and faces a moral quandary—whether to confess his mistake and be hated by his friend forever, or let Princess Bubblegum wrongly accuse the Duke of Nuts, who has a pudding obsession, instead.
1. **"Freak City"** - After being transformed into a foot by Magic Man (voiced by Kenny), Finn goes to live with a band of misfits. The group realizes that by working together, they can overcome Magic Man. In the end, Magic Man returns Finn and the rest of misfits to his original form.
1. **"Donny"** - Finn and Jake help a grass ogre named Donny (voiced by Kevin Michael Richardson) turn his life around, without realizing the ecological damage they may be causing in the process. After the duo realizes that Donny's obnoxious personality is necessary for nature, they reverse their aid.
1. **"Henchman"** - Finn takes his place as Marceline's new henchman. Marceline decides to prank Finn by telling him to do task that seem evil, but are actually benign. In the end, Marceline and Finn become friends after Finn saves her from a vampire-slaying Jake.
1. **"Rainy Day Daydream"** - Stuck indoors due to a raining knife storm, Finn discovers that Jake can make his imagination come to life, which starts to cause chaos. The two rush to turn off Jake's imagination, but Finn realizes he must turn his on to achieve their ends.
1. **"What Have You Done?"** - Without giving good details Princess Bubblegum tells Finn and Jake to capture the Ice King as their prisoner, but when they interrogate him they think that he is innocent. After realizing their grave mistake, Finn and Jake right the wrongs they have caused.
1. **"His Hero"** - The great warrior Billy (voiced by Lou Ferrigno) inspires Finn and Jake to practice nonviolence, but the duo finds it difficult to resist old ways. Finn and Jake eventually confront Billy, and manage to successfully explain to him that violence is sometimes necessary.
1. **"Gut Grinder"** - Finn and Jake pursue a havoc-wreaking "Gut Grinder"—a creature that steals and eats others' gold. Jake begins to suspect he himself might be the culprit. Jake eventually battles and defeats the Gut Grinder, and Finn and Jake are able to return all of the stolen gold.

## [Season 2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adventure_Time_%28season_2%29)
1. **"It Came from the Nightosphere"** - After Marceline (voiced by Olivia Olson) sings a song about the relationship between her and her estranged father, Finn (voiced by Jeremy Shada) releases Marceline's dad (voiced by Martin Olson) from the Nightosphere so that father and daughter can reconnect. However, Finn is forced to stop him from stealing all the souls in Ooo.
1. **"The Eyes"** - Finn and Jake are kept awake by an unsettling horse that does nothing but stare at them with its big eyes. Eventually, after a night of attempting to get the horse to leave them alone, the two discover that it is actually the Ice King (voiced by Tom Kenny) in disguise; he is trying to learn the secret to being happy like Finn and Jake.
1. **"Loyalty to the King"** - The Ice King shaves his beard after a princess "breaks up" with him, but when his new look proves to attract other princesses, he capitalizes on the unexpected opportunity by styling himself the "Nice King". At first, Finn and Jake are fooled, but eventually, they discover the truth and try to unravel the Ice King's plans.
1. **"Blood Under the Skin"** - After receiving a splinter on his finger and is harassed by Sir Slicer (Peter Stormare), Finn seeks the Magical Armor of Zelderon for protection, but cannot take the embarrassment. Eventually, Finn realizes that embarrassment is just part of life, and he challenges Sir Slicer to a duel.
1. **"Storytelling"** - While sick and stuck in bed, Jake wants Finn to tell him a story to make him feel better. He sets out into the woods, but his attempts to find a good story anger the local population. Eventually, he is scheduled to be sacrificed by the forest creatures, until he uses his oratory prowess to convince them not to hurt him.
1. **"Slow Love"** - Finn and Jake try to woo a group of lady snails in order to save their house from a giant snail named Snorlock (voiced by Biz Markie), who was using it as a shell. Finn and Jake soon discover that Snorlock is not actually a snail, but rather a slug, which is why he was unable to engage with any snails.
1. **"Power Animal"** - Jake must stay focused in order to rescue Finn, who has been kidnapped by an evil gnome (voiced by Paul Reubens) bent on turning Ooo literally upside down. After several distracts, Jake eventually comes to Finn's rescue.
1. **"Crystals Have Power"** - Finn and Jake visit a crystal dimension where giant crystal creatures begin to turn Finn into a crystal being. It is revealed that the domain is ruled by Tree Trunks, who disappeared in the eponymous first season episode. She has become the crazed ruler of the crystal dimension, but Finn and Jake save her.
1. **"The Other Tarts"** - Finn and Jake volunteer to help Princess Bubblegum (voiced by Hynden Walch) with a dangerous assignment: toting rare and delicious tarts for the Annual Royal Back Rubbing Ceremony. The two decided to take a dangerous path, figuring that no tart bandits would look for them there. After a trip full of mishaps, the tarts are successfully delivered.
1. **"To Cut a Woman's Hair"** - Finn must get a lock of hair from a princess to save Jake from the balding Tree Witch (voiced by Thurop Van Orman), but this task proves harder than expected. After Finn successfully gets some of Princess Bubblegum's hair, the witch refuses to let Jake go, because the hair is merely candy. Eventually, Finn sacrifices his long golden hair to save his friend.
1. **"The Chamber of Frozen Blades"** - Finn and Jake—obsessed with the notion of ninjas—await for the Ice King and Gunter to return to the kingdom, thinking that he is coming back with a stolen princess, and find the Ice King's secret sanctum. When the Ice King returns, the three have a ninja duel.
1. **"Her Parents"** - Jake's relationship with Lady Rainicorn is in danger when he promises to meet with her parents (voiced by Henry Rollins and Laura Silverman), as both species had a long history of war with each other. Jake disguises himself as a Rainicorn, but eventually his cover is blown. Lady Rainicorn's parents are ecstatic, however, because they have an admiration for dogs.
1. **"The Pods"** - Finn and Jake are assigned to watch three magical beans; two of the beans are innocent, but one of them is evil. Finn and Jake plant the three beans and wait for the evil to grow. Eventually, one of the stalks produces evil piglets, and Finn and Jake defeat the beings using a novel method that involves ice cream.
1. **"The Silent King"** - Finn becomes the king of a goblin clan in order to prevent a conflict of violence, but their strange rules prove to be not of his liking. Finn decides to abdicate, but does it in secrecy, so that the goblins continue to think Finn is ruling them, when he is in fact not.
1. **"The Real You"** - Finn agrees to speak at Princess Bubblegum's science barbecue, and, worrying that he is not smart enough, secures the legendary "Glasses of Nerdicon". After putting them on, Finn becomes extremely smart, but accidentally creates a black hole in order to impress the princess.
1. **"Guardians of Sunshine"** - Finn and Jake get sucked into one of BMO's games and they have to defeat all three of his bosses. The two accidentally are transported outside of the game when they tilt it, but three bosses follow them and try to destroy BMO.
1. **"Death in Bloom"** - After killing Princess Bubblegum's plant when they were instructed to take care of it, Finn and Jake make a trip to the Land of the Dead in order to get its soul back. After Jake's memory is wiped and Finn loses a musical duel against Death (voiced by Miguel Ferrer), the two are nearly killed until a lucky coincidence causes Death to spare them.
1. **"Susan Strong"** - Finn is excited to discover what appears to be a tribe of humans living underground near the Candy Kingdom, but gets more than he expected when he tries to teach one of them, the titular Susan Strong (voiced by Jackie Buscarino), about the surface world.
1. **"Mystery Train"** - Wanting to surprise Finn on his 13th birthday, Jake takes Finn on a train, where they get entangled in a murder mystery. In the end, Finn learns that the murders were all a hoax, perpetrated by Jake to make his birthday memorable and interesting.
1. **"Go with Me"** - Marceline and Jake give Finn advice so he can ask Princess Bubblegum to see a movie with him. Jake's advice is much more romantic, whereas Marceline's is more abrasive and rough. Eventually, Finn decides to go to the movies with Marceline, just as friends, but the two are disgusted by the overt displays of romance at the theater.
1. **"Belly of the Beast"** - Finn and Jake learn that a group of bears is throwing a party in a giant's belly, giving him a stomach ache. They decide to break up the party. The duo talk to the clan's leader Party Pat (voiced by Andy Samberg), and after a while, are able to get everyone out before they are destroyed by lava.
1. **"The Limit"** - Finn and Jake must journey through a magic wish-granting maze. Jake, in order to make sure he and Finn do not get lost, stretches himself to his breaking point. Finn, however, is able to successfully retrieve the wish and right all the issues that were caused by the maze.
1. **"Video Makers"** - Finn and Jake are on an epic race to make a movie for their "Finn and Jake Movie Club", but end up arguing over the film's plot—whether it should be a romantic comedy (Jake's idea) or an action/adventure (Finn's idea). Eventually, BMO compiles the footage that shows Finn and Jake that fighting is not how friends should act.
1. **"Mortal Folly" (Part 1)** - The first part of a two-part episode. Finn and Jake must go on a quest to find the Lich (voiced by Ron Perlman), while the Ice King constantly asks them for their blessing to marry Princess Bubblegum. The Ice King accidentally drops Bubblegum into the Lich's well of power.
1. **"Mortal Recoil" (Part 2)** - The second part of a two-part episode. Princess Bubblegum is put into the hospital after accidentally being dropped into the Lich's well of power by the Ice King. But when the spirit of The Lich possesses Bubblegum, Finn and Jake team up with the Ice King to stop him. After Bubblegum is seriously wounded and there is not enough candy bio-mass to save her, she reverts to a 13-year-old.
1. **"Heat Signature"** - Marceline pranks Finn and Jake into thinking that they're vampires, but then her ghost friends start to take things too far and try to kill them. Although Marceline tries to save them, the ghosts decide to eat Finn and Jake's brains until all five are able to bond over the movie Heat Signature.

## [Season 3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adventure_Time_%28season_3%29)
1. **"Conquest of Cuteness"** - Finn (voiced by Jeremy Shada) and Jake (voiced by John DiMaggio) meet the "evil" Cute King (voiced by Jackie Buscarino) and the Cuties, who want to kill Finn and Jake. When they discover the Cuties have never won a fight, the two decide to fake their deaths in battle out of pity.
1. **"Morituri Te Salutamus"** - Finn and Jake become trapped in an arena of gladiator ghosts. Finn gives in  to bloodlust, and Jake becomes obsessed with keeping up the morale.
1. **"Memory of a Memory"** - When Marceline (voiced by Olivia Olson) accidentally traps herself in a sleep spell, Finn and Jake venture into her mind to save her. They soon learn that it was an elaborate trick by Marceline's ex-boyfriend Ash (voiced by Steve Agee) to win her back.
1. **"Hitman"** - After being grounded by Finn and Jake, the Ice King (voiced by Tom Kenny) hires a hitman to go after them thinking that he's just going to punch them. When he sees the hitman actually trying to kill Finn and Jake, the Ice King plans to save them.
1. **"Too Young"** - When the Earl of Lemongrab (voiced by Justin Roiland) finds out that Princess Bubblegum (voiced by Isabella Acres as a young girl, and by Hynden Walch as an adult) has reverted to being only 13 years old, he tries to usurp the Candy Kingdom throne. Finn tries to use pranks to coax him into leaving. Princess Bubblegum eventually  makes herself 18 again so she can re-claim the throne.
1. **"The Monster"** - On a quest from her parents, Finn and Jake track Lumpy Space Princess (voiced by Pendleton Ward) to a village that is being terrorized by a monster. Finn and Jake learn that the monster is actually Lumpy Space Princess, who has run away from home.
1. **"Still"** - The Ice King paralyzes Finn and Jake with a potion and tries to bond with them. Meanwhile, Finn tries to summon an astral beast for help. In the end, the Ice King only manages to freeze himself.
1. **"Wizard Battle"** - The Ice King enters a wizard contest, in which the winning wizard receives a kiss from Princess Bubblegum. When Finn realizes the prize, he and Jake enter and help a wizard named Abracadaniel (voiced by Steve Little) in order to stop Ice King. After winning the contest, the Princess kisses Finn, then slaps him for cheating.
1. **"Fionna and Cake"** - The titular Fionna (voiced by Madeleine Martin) and Cake (voiced by Roz Ryan), a human girl and her cat, replace Finn and Jake as they battle the Ice Queen (voiced by Grey DeLisle) to save Prince Gumball (voiced by Neil Patrick Harris) and the Candy Kingdom. In the midst of the Ice Queen's latest plan, Fionna must also reconcile her feelings for Prince Gumball and also come to terms with who she is.
1. **"What Was Missing"** - Finn (beatboxing), Jake (playing viola), Princess Bubblegum (playing Beemo as an 8-bit instrument) and Marceline (playing bass guitar) form a band in order to defeat the Door Lord and recover what the creature had stolen from them.
1. **"Apple Thief"** - When Tree Trunks' apples are stolen, Finn and Jake dive into the slums of the Candy Kingdom to find the thief.
1. **"The Creeps"** - Finn, Jake, Princess Bubblegum, Lumpy Space Princess, Beemo (voiced by Niki Yang), and Cinnamon Bun (voiced by Dee Bradley Baker) are invited to a masquerade ball hosted by a mysterious "ghost" who begins murdering everyone. Terrified, Finn tries to find the killer.
1. **"From Bad to Worse"** - When Princess Bubblegum's zombie formula from "Slumber Party Panic" re-infects the Candy Kingdom due to Cinnamon Bun's carelessness, Finn, Jake, Lady Rainicorn, and Lumpy Space Princess must attempt to create a cure.
1. **"Beautopia"** - Susan Strong (voiced by Jackie Buscarino) returns and needs help from Finn and Jake to protect her home from "Lub-Glubs", who are revealed to be demonically possessed pool toys.
1. **"No One Can Hear You"** - After a deer knocks Finn unconscious and breaks his legs, he wakes up six months later to find that the Candy Kingdom has been deserted and that Jake has gone insane from a hit to the head; Jake thinks that everyone is having a surprise birthday party for him. But when Finn hears candy people in the sewers and tries to investigate, Jake stops him because he thinks Finn is going to ruin the surprise.
1. **"Jake vs. Me-Mow"** - A small cat and assassin named Me-Mow (voiced by Kyla Rae Kowalewski) blackmails Jake with poison into trying to kill Wildberry Princess (voiced by Maria Bamford) by hiding in his nose.
1. **"Thank You"** - When a Firewolf pup (voiced by Dee Bradley Baker) accidentally gets lost in the mountains and is found by the Snow Golem, they strike up a strange friendship as he tries to return it to its family before being melted by its fire-overrun home.
1. **"The New Frontier"** - When Jake has a prophetic "croak dream" that illustrates his death after coming into contact with a mysterious Banana Man (voiced by "Weird Al" Yankovic), Finn tries to make sure that it does not come true. Everything, however, proceeds according to the dream, save for Jake dying.
1. **"Holly Jolly Secrets"** - Part 1: Finn and Jake dig up the Ice King's video diaries and attempt to uncover his secrets before the Ice King realizes what they have done.   Part 2: The Ice King tries to get the video diaries back. Finn and Jake soon discover, via the tapes, that the Ice King was formerly a human archaeologist who was cursed with his powers after he put his crown on his head.
1. **"Holly Jolly Secrets" (Part 2)**
1. **"Marceline's Closet"** - Finn and Jake hide from Marceline in her own closet after a game of "cloud hunt" goes awry. The two voyeuristically see everything that happens, but are soon discovered; Marceline, however, shows no ill will, revealing that she spies on the duo all the time.
1. **"Paper Pete"** - While Jake reads up on Rainicorn history, Finn meets the Pagelings and their leader Paper Pete (voiced by Peter Browngardt). Finn soon helps defend the books of the library from the destructive Moldos.
1. **"Another Way"** - Finn is scared by clown nurses who want to heal his foot, so he seeks out the magical tears of a cyclops.
1. **"Ghost Princess"** - Finn and Jake try their hand at being detectives in order to discover how Ghost Princess (voiced by Maria Bamford) died so that she can ascend into Ghost World. Ghost Princess eventually falls in love with another ghost named Clarence (voiced by Sam Marin), but it is revealed that during their mortal lives Ghost Princess was accidentally killed by Clarence, who in his grief then died from an over-consumption of cheese.
1. **"Dad's Dungeon"** - Jake and Finn's deceased dad reveals, via a holographic projector, that he built a dungeon to toughen up Finn. Finn is saddened and offended by his dad's perceived meanness, but beats the challenges, realizing that his father was doing it for Finn's own good.
1. **"Incendium"** - Trying to help a brokenhearted Finn, Jake seeks the Flame King's (voiced by Keith David) consent for Finn to date his daughter, Flame Princess (voiced by Jessica DiCicco).

## [Season 4](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adventure_Time_%28season_4%29)
1. **"Hot to the Touch"** - Finn (voiced by Jeremy Shada) develops a crush on Flame Princess (voiced by Jessica DiCicco) and tries to get to know her, which proves difficult due to her destructive and uncontrollable power.
1. **"Five Short Graybles"** - A series of short stories—concerning BMO (voiced by Niki Yang), Finn and Jake (voiced by John DiMaggio), Princess Bubblegum (voiced by Hynden Walch), the Ice King (voiced by Tom Kenny), and Lumpy Space Princess (voiced by Pendleton Ward)—all centered around a common theme of the five senses, hosted by a mysterious man named Cuber (Emo Philips) from the future.
1. **"Web Weirdos"** - Finn must help a grumpy spider couple (voiced by Bobcat Goldthwait and Susie Essman) reconcile before he and Jake are eaten.
1. **"Dream of Love"** - Tree Trunks (voiced by Polly Lou Livingston) is courted by Pig (voiced by Ron Lynch), but their over-expressive love begins to make many people uncomfortable.
1. **"Return to the Nightosphere" (Part 1)** - Finn and Jake awaken with amnesia in the dreaded Nightosphere, buried under a pile of bananas. They seek out the underworld's leader, Marceline's father (voiced by Martin Olson), who apparently is the one who imprisoned them in the first place.
1. **"Daddy's Little Monster" (Part 2)** - After discovering that her father tricked her into turning into an evil demon, Finn and Jake attempt to save Marceline. Jake learns a disturbing secret of the world's bananas.
1. **"In Your Footsteps"** - A bear befriends Finn. Jake, however, thinks he is trying to steal Finn's identity. At the end of the episode, Finn kindly gives the Enchridion, the Book of Heroes, to the bear, believing he wishes to learn how to be a hero himself; however, it is revealed that the bear is secretly working for the Lich, as he is shown giving the book to the Lich's possessed-snail form.
1. **"Hug Wolf"** - After an encounter with an Alpha Hug Wolf, Finn transforms into a Beta Hug Wolf. It is up to Jake to break the curse and turn Finn back to normal before midnight.
1. **"Princess Monster Wife"** - When certain body parts of Ooo's many princesses go missing, Finn and Jake decided to confront the Ice King, who shows them a princess he made out of the missing pieces. She is so horribly deformed that Finn and Jake cannot view her directly without fainting.
1. **"Goliad"** - Princess Bubblegum begins to fear for her mortality, and creates an eternal sphinx named Goliad (voiced by Wendy Linehan) to be her successor. Things go awry, however, when the sphinx turns against Bubblegum.
1. **"Beyond This Earthly Realm"** - After Finn touches a mysterious lamb statue, he is transported into the "spirit world", inhabited by all sorts of bizarre entities. Desperate to return to reality, Finn turns to the one person who can see him: Ice King.
1. **"Gotcha!"** - In order to do research for her tell-all memoir about men, Lumpy Space Princess goes undercover working for Finn and Jake. She eventually learns that Finn is selfless, which makes him "hot on the inside".
1. **"Princess Cookie"** - Finn and Jake are sent in to rescue the hostages from a rogue cookie Baby-Snaps (voiced by Donald Faison). Things get complicated when Jake begins to sympathize with him; he learns that Baby-Snaps only wants to be a princess, like Bubblegum.
1. **"Card Wars"** - Finn and Jake play Card Wars, a tabletop game, in which Jake becomes overly competitive.
1. **"Sons of Mars"** - When the Martian deity Grob Gob Glob Grod (voiced by Tom Gammill, Miguel Ferrer, Melissa Villasenor, and Kenny) comes to arrest Magic Man (voiced by Kenny) for his crimes, he uses his magic to disguise himself as Jake to escape his trial while having the real Jake take his place.
1. **"Burning Low"** - Finn and Jake become convinced that Princess Bubblegum is jealous now that Finn is hanging out with Flame Princess. In reality, Bubblegum is worried that Flame Princess will be unable to withstand romance without burning a hole in the Earth's crust.
1. **"BMO Noire"** - BMO goes on the hunt for Finn's missing sock.
1. **"King Worm"** - Finn and Jake find themselves trapped in their own subconscious by the King Worm (voiced by Erik Estrada).
1. **"Lady & Peebles"** - Princess Bubblegum and Lady Rainicorn (voiced by Yang) go searching for Finn and Jake, who have been missing for three weeks after fighting with the Ice King. It is revealed that Ricardio (voiced by George Takei), the Ice King's living heart, has trapped them and wishes to marry Bubblegum.
1. **"You Made Me"** - When Lemongrab (voiced by Justin Roiland) upsets the Candy Kingdom and demands citizens for his isolated castle, Princess Bubblegum sends the Pup Gang. However, Lemongrab is not satisfied with these rude citizens. Bubblegum eventually makes him a twin to rule with.
1. **"Who Would Win"** - Finn and Jake try to fight a monster known as "The Farm", but after a feud they end up beating each other up. Only a visit from the Dream Lord (voiced by Matthew Broderick) enables them to one-up The Farm.
1. **"Ignition Point"** - Finn and Jake disguise themselves as flame citizens and sneak into the Fire Kingdom on a quest for Flame Princess. Once there, they discover a plot to assassinate the Flame King (voiced by Keith David), and try to thwart it.
1. **"The Hard Easy"** - A group of River Scamps ask Finn and Jake to protect them from the Mega Frog, their predator.
1. **"Reign of Gunters"** - After stealing a demonic wishing eye, Gunter creates clones of himself which cause chaos when he tries to take over the Candy Kingdom.
1. **"I Remember You"** - Ice King and Marceline create a song, and Marceline tries to get the Ice King to remember who he really is. This episode reveals that Marceline and the Ice King knew each other during the atomic war that occurred a thousand years previous, but the Ice King had to leave Marceline because he was going crazy due to the influence of his magical crown.
1. **"The Lich"** - Finn has an ominous dream about the Lich (voiced by Ron Perlman), and sets off with Jake to warn Billy (voiced by Lou Ferrigno).

## [Season 5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adventure_Time_%28season_5%29)
1. **"Finn the Human" (Part 1)** - Finn (voiced by Jeremy Shada) and Jake (voiced by John DiMaggio) chase The Lich (voiced by Ron Perlman) through a dimensional portal where they meet Prismo (voiced by Kumail Nanjiani), a wish granter, who tells them that the Lich wished for all life to be extinct. This leads Finn to wish that the Lich "never even ever existed". Finn is then warped to an alternate timeline, where he is a normal human living with his family and his dog Jake on a farm.
1. **"Jake the Dog" (Part 2)** - While Finn's alternative timeline goes astray, Prismo tells Jake that if he can make the correct wish, everything will go back to normal. Jake—with help from Prismo—eventually wishes that the Lich had actually desired for Finn and Jake to return home. Thus, the world is righted again.
1. **"Five More Short Graybles"** - A series of short stories—centered around Finn and Jake, Marceline (voiced by Olivia Olson), Tree Trunks (voiced by Polly Lou Livingston), the Ice King (voiced by Tom Kenny), and BMO (voiced by Niki Yang)—with a common theme revolving around the five tastes, hosted by a mysterious man named Cuber (voiced by Emo Philips) from the future.
1. **"Up a Tree"** - Finn and Jake's game of catch goes awry when their frisbee gets stuck in a large tree. Finn decides to fetch it without Jake's help, but he inadvertently gets captured by the residents of the tree, who repeatedly utter the mantra, "In the tree, part of the tree." Finn teams up with a squirrel who is berated for believing he is a flying squirrel (voiced by Marc Maron) and the two successfully escape.
1. **"All the Little People"** - Finn and Jake find a bag full of miniature versions of their friends given to them by Magic Man (voiced by Kenny). Finn plays with them but begins to toy with their relationships. Later, the two discover that the small people are actually from an alternate reality and everything that they had done to them was real. However they are unable to communicate with them and the alternate versions blame everything on the small Finn instead of the real one.
1. **"Jake the Dad"** - After Lady Rainicorn (voiced by Yang) gives birth to five puppies, Jake—wanting to be a good father—becomes an overprotective parent. Eventually, he realizes that the puppies are not completely helpless and that he should stop babying them.
1. **"Davey"** - Finn, after realizing that he is being hindered by people constantly thanking him for being a hero, decides to create an alter ego. He shaves part of his hair, makes a fake mustache, and takes the moniker Davey (voiced by Davey Johnson). However, Davey soon begins to take over Finn's mind, and Jake is forced into action to get his old friend back.
1. **"Mystery Dungeon"** - Ice King, N.E.P.T.R. (voiced by Andy Milonakis), Tree Trunks, Shelby (voiced by Pendleton Ward) and Lemongrab (voiced by Justin Roiland) find themselves mysteriously trapped in a dungeon and must band together to get out. Eventually, the Ice King reveals that he kidnapped them so that he could use their individual talents to pass successfully through the maze and meet the Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving so that his fan fiction, Fionna and Cake may become reality.
1. **"All Your Fault"** - Princess Bubblegum (voiced by Hynden Walch) sends Finn and Jake on a mission to the Earls of Lemongrab (voiced by Roiland) in order to investigate a distress message. It is revealed that the Earls have depleted their candy stores by bringing their food to life. After Finn and Jake halt their advancing army from taking over the Candy Kingdom for food, Bubblegum erases the secret to candy life from the minds of the two Lemongrabs.
1. **"Little Dude"** - Finn's hat comes to life after it is touched by a wizard (voiced by Dana Snyder) who can bring inanimate objects to life. Unfortunately, the hat wants to be placed on someone's head so that it can take them over and fill them with evil. Finn, Jake, and the wizard track the hat down, and manage to turn the hat good.
1. **"Bad Little Boy"** - In this episode, several kidnapped princesses have grown bored with Ice King's terrible Fionna and Cake fan fiction stories, so Marceline stops by the Ice Kingdom and tells her own. Marceline's story revolves around her male counterpart, Marshall Lee (voiced by Donald Glover), who tries to flirt with Fionna (voiced by Madeleine Martin).
1. **"Vault of Bones"** - Flame Princess (voiced by Jessica DiCicco) begins to doubt whether or not she is in fact evil. Finn is insistent that she is not evil and takes her on a journey into a dungeon to help her sort out her thoughts. Flame Princess eventually proves to be a lover of destruction, but assures Finn that she only destroys bad guys.
1. **"The Great Bird Man"** - In the deserted badlands, Finn and Jake get lost but are saved from death by Xergiok (voiced by Johnson), the former goblin king who was deposed by Finn and Jake in the second season episode "The Silent King". He claims to have turned over a new leaf after he lost his sight. However, once it is returned, he threatens to take over the goblin kingdom once again. Eventually, he realizes the errors of his ways and removes his eyes again.
1. **"Simon & Marcy"** - Marceline decides to tell Finn and Jake about her and the Ice King's adventures 996 years ago following the "Mushroom War". In her story, Marceline and Simon—the name of the Ice King before he was corrupted by his crown—traverse a ruined city to find chicken soup to cure a cold that Marceline has. Along the way, they are attacked by mutated creatures, forcing Simon to wear the ice crown and slowly lose his mind.
1. **"A Glitch Is a Glitch"** - The Ice King decides to create a computer virus that will delete everyone in Ooo except for him and Princess Bubblegum. Finn and Jake hack into the universal source code and attempt to destroy the virus before they themselves are deleted.
1. **"Puhoy"** - Finn begins second-guessing his relationship with Flame Princess, so he builds a giant pillow fort. While navigating it, Finn seemingly falls asleep and dreams that he ends up in a pillow world where he marries a pillow woman named Roselinen (Mandy Siegfriend) and has two children with her. Finn eventually wakes up in the real world, and he receives a call from Flame Princess, reaffirming their relationship.
1. **"BMO Lost"** - BMO is kidnapped by an eagle and then is forced to find a way home. On its way, BMO meets Bubble (voiced by Levar Burton) and a baby, and the three decide to journey home together. BMO and Bubble grow attached to the child until the baby's mother finds and takes her child, devastating BMO. The remaining two make their way back home and profess their love for each other until Jake pops Bubble. BMO's sadness is short-lived, however, as Bubble is revealed to actually be Air, and will now be with BMO forever.
1. **"Princess Potluck"** - Ice King does not get an invitation to the princess' potluck, so he tries to ruin the party in myriad ways, such as sending Gunter—disguised as a princess—to throw fruit punch on everyone, and throwing another party to rival the princess'. Eventually, he attacks the party, but learns that the princesses did invite him via mail, but that he never bothered to read it.
1. **"James Baxter the Horse"** - Finn and Jake stumble across a horse named James Baxter (voiced by James Baxter) who has the ability to make sad people feel better. Eventually, the two anger the spirit of a deceased creature at a funeral and are nearly killed by it. However, James Baxter arrives at the last moment and cheers the spirit up.
1. **"Shh!"** - Finn and Jake make a bet to see who can not talk the longest, and the two use signs to communicate. However, BMO thinks that the two are possessed by a malevolent force and hides in the walls of Finn and Jake's tree house.
1. **"The Suitor"** - Peppermint Butler (voiced by Steve Little) thinks that Princess Bubblegum is working too hard in her lab, so he tries to get her a suitor named Braco (voiced by Johnny Pemberton). Braco ends up bothering Princess Bubblegum so much that she creates him a cyborg-clone of herself to give to him. In the meantime, Peppermint Butler strikes a deal with a demon (voiced by James Adomian) that makes Braco the object of everyone's desire, but physically deformed.
1. **"The Party's Over, Isla de Señorita"** - After another one of his schemes fails to woo Princess Bubblegum, Ice King decides to give up. He takes a boat into the ocean but shipwrecks onto a mysterious island that turns out to be a sentient female (voiced by Riki Lindhome). The island is in a relationship with the Party God (voiced by Sanchez), and Ice King convinces her to break up with him because he treats her poorly. However, the Party God discovers what Ice King has done, and the two engage in a fight. Inspired by this ordeal, Ice King decides to "break up" with Princess Bubblegum.
1. **"One Last Job"** - Jake Jr. gets involved with a group of troublemakers, and Jake is forced to reunite his old criminal gang—which includes Tiffany (voiced by Collin Dean), Gareth (voiced by Sam Marin), and the Flying Lettuce Brothers—to rescue his daughter. The group is tasked with stealing the "Baker's Shard", the purest form of sugar known. Jake successfully completes the raid, but it is revealed that Jake Jr. set up the entire thing to impress her father.
1. **"Another Five More Short Graybles"** - A series of short stories—centered around Finn, Jake, and Jake Jr; Cinnamon Bun (voiced by Dee Bradley Baker); the Ice King; the Earls of Lemongrab; and Mr. Fox (voiced by Tom Herpich)—hosted by a mysterious man named Cuber from the future (voiced by Emo Philips).
1. **"Candy Streets"** - Lumpy Space Princess (voiced by Ward) is robbed, but before she is able to explain the details to Finn and Jake, she faints. Finn and Jake decide to play cops and apprehend a suspect that they think is guilty. In the end, however, it is revealed that a pizza delivery boy idiomatically "stole" Lumpy Space Princess's heart, and that no actual theft took place.
1. **"Wizards Only, Fools"** - After Starchy (voiced by Kenny) gets a cold and needs a magic cure, Finn, Jake, and Princess Bubblegum disguise themselves as wizards and sneak into Wizard City. However, Bubblegum keeps insisting to everyone that magic is just a fancy way of explaining science. The three, along with Abracadaniel (voiced by Little) are eventually arrested for impersonating wizards, but manage to break out of prison with the help of a "cold" spell that literally produces cold weather.
1. **"Jake Suit"** - Jake gets upset with the manner in which Finn uses his body as a suit of armor, so he bets Finn that he could not withstand being used as a suit of armor by Jake. Jake forces him to do various things, such as dance in his underwear in front of Flame Princess's extended family or almost jump into a volcano, before he realizes that Finn is indeed good at withstanding the hurdles that Jake throws at him.
1. **"Be More"** - After BMO accidentally deletes a core system driver, Finn and Jake sneak into the MO factory and fix BMO. However, the three are pursued by security guard SMOs (voiced by Paul F. Tompkins); Finn, Jake, and BMO eventually run into Moseph "Moe" Giovanni (voiced by Chuck McCann), the ancient and benevolent human-cyborg creator of the MOs, who explains BMO's backstory.
1. **"Sky Witch"** - Marceline enlists Princess Bubblegum's help in order to track Maja the Sky Witch; it is revealed that Marceline's ex-boyfriend Ash sold Marceline's beloved stuffed animal Hambo to Maja. Only when Bubblegum trades her prized rock shirt—which was given to her by Marceline—is Hambo able to be reunited with Marceline.
1. **"Frost & Fire"** - Finn has an interesting dream which involves Flame Princess and Ice King fighting each other, but he wakes up before he can finish it. He then decides to stage a fight between the two in real life to see if he can finish the dream. However, during the fight, Flame Princess destroys the Ice Kingdom and discovers that Finn set up the fight. Saddened that she was betrayed by her boyfriend, she needs some time alone.
1. **"Too Old"** - Finn and Princess Bubblegum travel to the Earldom of Lemongrab for a diplomatic dinner. Finn, in the meantime, tries to woo Bubblegum after his "break-up" with Flame Princess. The two learn that the original Lemongrab is now a tyrant. However, a young lemon child named Lemonhope is discovered, and Bubblegum and Finn are able to successfully take him back to the Candy Kingdom; at the same time, Finn realizes that Bubblegum is indeed too old for him.
1. **"Earth & Water"** - Princess Bubblegum tests Flame Princess to understand why her emotions can become volatile. However, Bubblegum leaves Flame Princess in the care of Cinnamon Bun, who frees her and tells her the story of how she was locked up by her father. Flame Princess eventually overthrows her evil father, the Flame King, and installs a government based on honesty. She forgives Finn, but the two only remain friends.
1. **"Time Sandwich"** - Magic Man steals Jake's sandwich and seals himself in a molasses bubble that slows time down. Finn and Jake then call on BMO, Princess Bubblegum, and Marceline in order to get the sandwich back. Eventually, Jake realizes the key to getting into the bubble is to be sad. He musters up all the sadness he can handle and achieves his goal of punching Magic Man, who falls to the ground, breaking the bubble.
1. **"The Vault"** - Finn begins having nightmares about the Green Lady, an apparition that he saw during the events of the season three episode "The Creeps". Undergoing regression analysis, Finn soon learns that the ghost is connected to a girl named Shoko (voiced by Isabelle Fuhrman), who was one of his past lives. Shoko stole an amulet from Princess Bubblegum during the beginnings of the Candy Kingdom. Upon learning this knowledge, Finn is able to right the wrong that was done in his past life.
1. **"Love Games"** - Slime Princess (voiced by Maria Bamford) is in need of a husband, lest she will lose her kingdom to her sister Blargatha (voiced by Katie Crown). Finn decides to help her out, but is forced to participate and win various "Love Games" by Elder Plops (voiced by John Hodgman). In the end, it is revealed that Blargatha faked having a husband in the first place; Slime Princess, therefore, retains the crown.
1. **"Dungeon Train"** - Finn and Jake stumble upon a mysterious train in which each car contains a new villain to fight. Jake soon gets bored with the train; Finn, on the other hand does not wish to leave. Eventually, after realizing that his love for the train will lead to a rift between him and Jake, Finn decides to leave on his own terms.
1. **"Box Prince"** - Finn meets the Box Prince—a cat wearing a cardboard box—and learns that the throne of Box Kingdom has been seized by an impostor. Finn must therefore help the Box Prince take back the throne. Meanwhile, BMO and Jake try to extract a piece of a tortilla chip that has lodged itself between two of Jake's teeth.
1. **"Red Starved"** - Finn, Jake, and Marceline get trapped in a cave. After Jake eats all of Marceline's red snacks, she begins to go "feral" and threatens to eat Jake's blood. Finn sets out to find something red to quench Marceline's hunger, but fails. In the nick of time, Princess Bubblegum arrives, and Marceline is able to satiate herself on part of Bubblegum's pink flesh.
1. **"We Fixed a Truck"** - Finn, Jake and BMO decide to fix up a truck with the help of Banana Man (voiced by "Weird Al" Yankovic). BMO later stays up all night fixing it, only to hear a radio program claiming that Princess Bubblegum is a mutant reptile. Later on, the four take the newly fixed truck into the Candy Kingdom and learn that Bubblegum was actually replaced by a mutant. With the help of the truck, they save the real Bubblegum and destroy the creature.
1. **"Play Date"** - Finn and Jake are tired of Ice King living with them, so they invite Abracadaniel over for a "play date" with Ice King. Abracadaniel and Ice King soon get into trouble, however, when they summon the demon Kee-Oth (voiced by Noah Nelson), who kidnaps Jake.
1. **"The Pit"** - Kee-Oth the Blood Demon kidnaps Jake and takes him to his demonic dimension and imprisons him in a pit. Finn and Lady Rainicorn team up to save him. While in the pit, Jake meets a humanoid-dog woman named Samantha (voiced by Marina Sirtis). Eventually, Finn and Lady arrive and defeat Kee-Oth and save Jake.
1. **"James"** - Finn and Jake accompany Princess Bubblegum on her study of the Desert of Wonders. However, they are soon attacked by goo monsters, and Finn and Jake think that Bubblegum's candy helper James (voiced by Andy Merrill) is hindering their rescue. It is revealed that Bubblegum has been sabotaging Finn's plans because they won't work. James then sacrifices himself for the greater good.
1. **"Root Beer Guy"** - Root Beer Guy (voiced by Jack Pendarvis) witnesses Finn and Jake abduct Princess Bubblegum, but no one believes him. He eventually decides to take matters into his own hands. In the end, it is revealed that Bubblegum set up the entire situation to test her police force: the banana guards. Because he solved the case, Root Beer Guy is promoted to head of the banana guards.
1. **"Apple Wedding"** - Tree Trunks and Mr. Pig (voiced by Ron Lynch) arrange for the King of Ooo (voiced by Andy Daly) to marry them. Princess Bubblegum tries to prove that he is a fraud, and when she is unable to find evidence convicting him, she throws everyone—including Tree Trunks and Mr. Pig—in prison. After Tree Trunks performs her own marriage ceremony, Bubblegum relents.
1. **"Blade of Grass"** - Finn and Jake decide that it is time for Finn to replace his broken demon blood sword. Finn purchases a sword made of grass from an ominous grass wizard (voiced by Jeff Bennett), but the two soon realize that the new sword is cursed. Finn initially decides to confront the wizard, but after learning to control the weapon, is contented.
1. **"Rattleballs"** - Finn meets an old sword-fighting robot named Rattleballs (voiced by Rainn Wilson), and learns that Rattleballs was part of an elite force made by Bubblegum long ago to protect the Candy Kingdom; however, the group became too destructive and so they were all destroyed, save for Rattleballs. After a short skirmish, Rattleballs proves that he is not a threat, so Bubblegum relents and does not destroy him.
1. **"The Red Throne"** - The Flame King, along with the help of Don John (voiced by Roddy Piper), escapes from his prison and reclaims the throne, forcing Flame Princess to turn to Finn for help. Finn hopes to rekindle his relationship with Flame Princess. Eventually, Cinnamon Bun, Finn, and Flame Princess are able to quell the revolt, and Cinnamon Bun professes his love to Flame Princess, much to Finn's unhappiness.
1. **"Betty"** - The Ice King reverts to Simon after being exposed to an anti-magic being named Bella Noche, and gets help from Finn, Jake, and Marceline in order to get Betty (voiced by Lena Dunham), his former fiancée, back. Once he succeeds in bringing her back, however, he begins to die, forcing Betty herself to defeat Bella Noche.
1. **"Bad Timing"** - Lumpy Space Princess runs into with a former classmate named Johnnie (voiced by Mark Proksch) and the two begin a relationship. After Lumpy Space Princess begins to think Johnnie is being wooed by Princess Bubblegum, she uses a time manipulation device invented by Bubblegum to send Johnnie back to before he met her for a "second chance". Unfortunately, Lumpy Space Princess traps Johnnie in a different dimension.
1. **"Lemonhope"** - Lemonhope (voiced by Justin Roiland) grows unhappy with Princess Bubblegum's constant reminders of his responsibility to help the lemon people, haunted by recurring nightmares that pressure him even more. Finally having enough, Lemonhope runs away from the Candy Kingdom to set out on his own adventure to be his own person. But the nightmares persist as he becomes stranded in a desert where he nearly succumbs to death. Eventually, after a long and arduous adventure, Lemonhope resolves to defeat Lemongrab once and for all by using his lyre's pleasing melody to blow up the despot. After Princess Bubblegum can reconstitute Lemongrab into a patchwork creature by grafting spare parts from his clone brother and some deceased Lemon people caught in the blast, Lemonhope turns down the offer to rule the Lemon Kingdom and leaves to live out his life. A thousand years later, an aged Lemonhope returns to the Lemon Kingdom in his final living moments.
1. **"Lemonhope" (Part 2)**
1. **"Billy's Bucket List"** - Finn finds the late Billy's (voiced by Lou Ferrigno) bucket list and, to honor his memory, decides to complete it. After finishing most of the items, including taking Billy's ex-girlfriend Canyon (voiced by Ako Castuera) on one last motorcycle ride, and conquering his fear of the ocean, an apparition of Billy appears to Finn in the sky, telling him that Finn's biological father is still alive.

## [Season 6](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adventure_Time_%28season_6%29)
1. **"Wake Up" (Part 1)** - Finn and Jake try to commit a cosmic crime to get into a multiverse prison called the Citadel, in which Finn's father is trapped. Revealing himself as a dream-based manifestation, Prismo (voiced by Kumail Nanjiani) offers to help them by instructing them to bring him the old man who dreamt him up so they can wake him up. However, having been in a comatose state since his previous plan was ruined, the Lich (voiced by Ron Perlman) beats the duo to the punch by waking up the old man and then killing him; the Citadel's guardian subsequently captures him.
1. **"Escape from the Citadel" (Part 2)** - Hitching a ride on the Lich's crystalized prison, Jake and Finn find the latter's father Martin (voiced by Stephen Root), who is not what Finn expected, as they are forced to flee when the Lich destroys the Citadel while putting the prisoners under his control to begin his plan of destruction. While Finn and Jake are distracted with the Lich, Martin flees with Finn giving chase. In the ensuing chase, Finn's grass sword takes over his entire arm, causing Finn to lose it as Martin escapes. Despite this setback, the Lich is turned into a giant baby, who they leave with Tree Trunks and Mr. Pig.
1. **"James II"** - Finn and Jake learn that Clone James (voiced by Andy Merrill) has been faking his death in order to collect medals. After discovering that there are, in fact, 25 Jameses on the loose, Princess Bubblegum orders them to be arrested. However, before they can be apprehended, the goo monsters from the previous season episode "James" attack. The clones of James redeem themselves, however, by sacrificing themselves to save Princess Bubblegum, who in turn banishes the Jameses to the wasteland in return for new medals every day.
1. **"The Tower"** - Finn is not happy with his replacement arms made by the princesses, and his emotional anguish manifests itself in the form of a telekinetic arm. With his psychic prosthesis, he decides to build a tower into space in order to find his father, and exact revenge by ripping off his arm. Finn becomes obsessed with building this tower, alarming Princess Bubblegum. After Finn breaches the atmosphere of Earth, he begins to hallucinate, but is rescued at the last minute by a spaceship. On board the spaceship, Finn thinks he see his father and attempts to exact his revenge, only to find himself unable to follow through. Once Finn gives up, Princess Bubblegum reveals that she set up the simulation after rescuing Finn, and that he is not actually on board his father's spacecraft.
1. **"Sad Face"** - With N.E.P.T.R. (voiced by Andy Milonakis) and BMO watching, Jake's tail goes to work at a traveling bug circus once every month when Jake is asleep. The tail works as a clown with the stage name Blue Nose; he is berated by the circus's ring leader (voiced by Brett Gelman) and asked to make his performances "less artsy and more fartsy". Blue Nose is displeased with the manner the ring leader treats a captured chipmunk, who is paraded around like a wild beast. Blue Nose makes a deal with the ring leader that stipulates that if he can pull in more money than the chipmunk, it will be set free. Blue Nose then performs a hilarious routine that brings in money, but the ringer leader tries to not honor his agreement; Blue Nose and the chipmunk subsequently escape, and Blue Nose returns to Jake, just as the latter wakes up.
1. **"Breezy"** - Warned by Doctor Princess that his flower-arm will die if he does not begin to feel again, Finn decides to try and kiss as many Princesses in order to regain his sense of emotion and excitement. Finn soon meets a bee named Breezy (voiced by Ashly Burch), who acts as his wingman; however, Breezy has ulterior motives, desiring Finn's flower, which leads to Breezy developing feelings for Finn. Eventually, his flower changes into a tree that explodes, revealing that his arm has regrown inside.
1. **"Food Chain"** - Finn and Jake visit the Candy Kingdom's Museum of Natural History and learn about the food chain after being turned into its different parts—small birds, big birds, bacteria, plants, and finally caterpillars—by Magic Man (voiced by Kenny). As Finn and Jake journey along the food chain, they meet another character named Erin (voiced by Minty Lewis), whom Finn falls in love with and attempts to marry. The episode concludes with all the main characters singing a song about how the food chain works.
1. **"Furniture & Meat"** - BMO, concerned that Finn and Jake's massive hoard of gold is threatening the structural integrity of their treehouse, talks Finn into spending the money at an expensive resort at Wildberry Kingdom. Chaos ensues when Jake begins wildly spending money and bribing local officials. After disrespecting her authority, Wildberry Princess orders Finn and Jake to be arrested and for their money to be seized and melted down; she punishes them to be covered in molten gold, but BMO and N.E.P.T.R. arrive just in time and save the two.
1. **"The Prince Who Wanted Everything"** - Lumpy Space Princess kidnaps and ties up Ice King, forcing him to read her own fan-fiction of Fionna and Cake about "the beautiful and sensitive" Lumpy Space Prince (voiced by Peter Serafinowicz), who leaves Lumpy Space and seeks refuge in the Land of Ooo. Lumpy Space Prince eventually meets Fionna (voiced by Madeleine Martin) and Cake (voiced by Roz Ryan) and tries to learn their simpler ways of life. Eventually, he is able to overcome the power of his parents by "not caring", saving the day and winning the hearts of both Fionna and Cake.
1. **"Something Big"** - Maja the Sky Witch summons Daren, The Ancient Sleeper (voiced by Alan Oppenheimer) and orders him to attack the Candy Kingdom so that she may use the sentimental affection and caring of its citizens as fuel for her powers. Root Beer Guy sacrifices himself to stall Daren and Maja while Finn brings in his Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant to fight back. After defeating Maja and Daren, Finn decides that he cannot give orders to the Elephant anymore and decides to let him roam freely. The elephant eventually decides to help Maja recover from the coma he put her in.
1. **"Little Brother"** - While throwing a party in Jake's Viola, Shelby (voiced by Ward) accidentally cuts his lower half off, which becomes sentient. Shelby names his new brother Kent (voiced by Thurop Van Orman), and seeks Jake's help in order to be a good sibling. Jake tells Shelby to give Kent a sword and have him fight bad guys, which Shelby does. Kent journeys into the roots of the treehouse and encounters the Rat King (voiced by James Urbaniak), whom he eagerly challenges. Kent is knocked out and his sword is destroyed, but he is found by an inhabitant of the roots named Leaf-Beard (voiced by  Urbaniak) who explains that his village has been tormented by the Rat King for some time. Kent acquires three materials, gets a new sword forged by a local blacksmith (voiced by Burch), and squares off against the Rat King, defeating him.
1. **"Ocarina"** - After Finn and Jake arrive to the birthday party of Jake's children 3 hours late, Jake begins to irritate his business-savvy son Kim Kil Whan (voiced by Marc Evan Jackson) with his childish antics. Fed up, Whan purchases the deed to Finn and Jake's treehouse from Marceline and promptly rents out the treehouse to multiple tenants. After several days of dealing with Whan as the landlord, Jake becomes convinced that Whan simply wants to be noticed by his father. As result, Jake hand-crafts an ocarina for Whan, using it as collateral for the deed to the treehouse. Whan later meets with his wife and reveals that the real reason he bought the treehouse was to try and force Jake to become a productive and responsible person. Although his plan failed, Whan finally realizes the true nature of his father.
1. **"Thanks for the Crabapples, Giuseppe!"** - Ice King, Abracadaniel (voiced by Steve Little), Little Dude (voiced by Sanchez), the Life-Giving Magus (voiced by Dana Snyder), Ron James (voiced by Duncan Trussell), female water sprites (voiced by Walch and Grey DeLisle), and several other wizards go on a road trip in a bus to forge their own school of magic. However, their bus runs out of gas and loses its tires, forcing Ice King to freeze a road that the bus can slide on. After encountering a crabapple tree, an elderly wizard named Giuseppe is left behind by Ice King after he attempts to gather apples for the bus patrons. The bus eventually crashes into a swamp. In the nick of time Giuseppe soon arrives and uses psychokinetic magic to lift the bus out of the swamp, before disappearing in a sparkling fog. After this ordeal, the group feels as though they now have a secret to be proud of.
1. **"Princess Day"** - During the annual Princess Day meeting held in Breakfast Kingdom, Lumpy Space Princess clashes with Breakfast Princess over the year's events. After Breakfast Princess mocks Lumpy Space Princess's status in front of everyone, the latter leaves angrily. Meanwhile, Marceline gets bored during the meeting and follows Lumpy Space Princess outside and suggests that the two engage in pranks. The duo begin ransacking Breakfast Princess's room until they get chased out by guards. The two then steal Breakfast Princess's car, only to accidentally run over Breakfast Princess, who was attempting to stop them from leaving. Knocked out, Breakfast Princess is dragged into the trunk and then dumped off in the middle of the desert. Lumpy Space Princess and Marceline then take Breakfast Princess's car and accidentally drive it off a cliff.
1. **"Nemesis"** - During the meeting of Starchy's Veritas Brigade, a man calling himself Peace Master (voiced by Rainn Wilson) appears and claims that there is a terrible evil trying to consume the Candy Kingdom. Princess Bubblegum, who is spying on the meeting, thinks Peace Master is talking about her. Meanwhile, Peppermint Butler (voiced by Steve Little), fearing that he has been found out by Peace Master, takes to his room and uses a ritual to track down Peace Master and confront him to a battle. Peace Master overpowers him, forcing Peppermint Butler to retreat. Peace Master then challenges Peppermint Butler to a final duel, during which the former loses. By order of Peppermint Butler as the victor, Peace Master leaves Candy Kingdom with Princess Bubblegum being completely unaware of Peppermint Butler's ways.
1. **"Joshua & Margaret Investigations"** - During Jake's birthday party, Jake tells Finn and BMO a story about how his parents Joshua (voiced by Kent Osborne) and Margaret (voiced by Maria Bamford) hunted down a dangerous menace in the woods of Ooo before Jake was born. It is revealed that while hunting some sort of monster, Joshua was bitten by an otherworldly shape-shifter. Eventually, the wound started to grow, resulting in Jake being born from his father's head.
1. **"Ghost Fly"** - During a dark and stormy night, Jake kills a fly that eats some of his soup. In retaliation, the vengeful soul of the fly haunts the tree house. Finn and Jake attempt to get Peppermint Butler to exorcise the fly's spirit, but he leaves out of fear. After failing to adhere to proper exorcist protocol, Finn is turned into a fly. Jake gets BMO to karate chop his heart, allowing him to fight the fly on its own plane of existence. After a struggle, Jake kills the fly's spirit and is brought back to life.
1. **"Everything's Jake"** - After meddling courtesy of Magic Man, Jake finds himself transported inside of himself, wherein an entire civilization exists, made entirely out of Jake's flesh. Jake tries to leave to get something to eat, but the world's inhabitants—including Jake's supposed best friend Goose (voiced by Billy West)—will not let him because they may face extinction.
1. **"Is That You?"** - Following a memorial service for Prismo, Jake begins acting strangely. Finn soon realizes that the real Jake has been transported into Prismo's alternate dimension. After recreating the elaborate ritual that triggered the events, Finn is also transported to the dimension, wherein he runs into a program of Prismo. This program explains an elaborate plan that will allow Prismo to be resurrected. Both Finn and Jake follow Prismo's instructions, and are successful in reviving their friend.
1. **"Jake the Brick"** - Jake attempts to fulfill an aspiration of his: to be a brick inside a shack as it collapses. Finn, being supportive, leaves a walkie talkie with Jake, who absentmindedly begins to narrate the events around him. Finn and BMO are drawn into Jake's storytelling, and Finn uses Starchy's radio station to broadcast Jake's narration of the trials and tribulations of a rabbit. All of Ooo is soon engrossed in the radio broadcast, unbeknownst to Jake.
1. **"Dentist"** - When Finn's toothache gets too much to take, he has no choice but to visit the ants, led by General Tarsal (voiced by Lucy Lawless), who provide dental care in exchange for a tour of duty. However, Finn soon finds himself partnered up with Tiffany (voiced by Collin Dean), who constantly tries to kill him so that he may become Jake's best friend. Finn and Tiffany attempt to defend an underground intersection from aggressive worms. Just when victory is assured, Tiffany tries to kill Finn, but accidentally falls into the maw of the Queen Worm, to his apparent demise. Following this ordeal, Finn's teeth are promptly fixed.
1. **"The Cooler"** - After a natural disaster hits the Fire Kingdom, Flame Princess (voiced by Jessica DiCicco) is forced to team up with Princess Bubblegum. Unbeknownst to Flame Princess, Bubblegum set up the cooling in order to infiltrate the Flame Kingdom and deactivate the kingdom's Sleeping Fire Gods, extremely powerful and ancient weapons of mass destruction. Once Bubblegum's betrayal is known, the two princesses fight, resulting in destruction of all but one of the Fire Gods. Flame Princess calls Bubblegum a bad person, to which she protests. Eventually, after intense discussion, Flame Princess reveals her actual name—Phoebe—to Princess Bubblegum as a sign of friendship. Princess Bubblegum, in turn, pulls the plug from her extensive surveillance program.
1. **"The Pajama War"** - At a slumber party at the Candy Kingdom, Princess Bubblegum and Finn are forced into a closet to play a variation of seven minutes in heaven; the two leave the party to hang out and go on a walk. However, the candy citizens believe that Finn and Bubblegum have passed out due to lack of oxygen and attempt to open the door. Eventually, the citizens form a makeshift government that quickly devolves into a despotism headed first by Col. Candy Corn (voiced by Keith Ferguson), and then Crunchy. The panic is only ended once Finn and Bubblegum return; before intervening, however, Bubblegum and Finn discuss how much they have enjoyed just spending time together.
1. **"Evergreen"** - Millions of years before the start of the series, a mutated dinosaur by the name of Gunter (voiced by Pamela Adlon) and the ice elemental Urgence Evergreen (voiced by Kenny) try to save the planet from a comet by constructing a magical crown that will grants its wearer their one true wish. Although the two are able to secure a power supply for the crown, Evergreen is incapacitated before he can use it, resulting in Gunter placing it on his head; however, Gunter accidentally wishes to be an ice wizard like Evergreen, marring the crown for all future wearers, including the Ice King.
1. **"Astral Plane"** - While camping with Jake, Finn begins astral projecting, which takes him on a journey across Ooo. After viewing Mr. Fox (voiced by Herpich), Bounce House Princess, Ice King, and Marceline, Finn begins to ponder the nature of life. Catching a ride on a space lard, Finn is carried to Mars, where he witnesses Grob Gob Glob Grod sacrifice himself to save the citizens of Mars from an incoming comet, which is later revealed to be a spacecraft being piloted by Finn's father, Martin.
1. **"Gold Stars"** - Tree Trunks and Mr. Pig's child, Sweet P (voiced by Ethan Maher), is bullied at school. The King of Ooo (voiced by Andy Daly) and his lawyer dog Toronto (voiced by Paul Scheer) then trick him into dancing for the amusement of other people; the King of Ooo and Toronto use Sweet P as a distraction so that they can pickpocket people. The two criminals convince Sweet P to continue working with them by giving him gold stars, but eventually, Sweet P learns that he is being used to hurt others, and the suppressed manifestation of the Lich (voiced by Ron Perlman) terrifies King of Ooo and Toronto into leaving Sweet P alone.
1. **"The Visitor"** - After sleepwalking, Finn is led to both a friendly civilization, and to the mysterious location of a downed spaceship. In the area, Finn stumbles upon his father, Martin, and attempts to bond with him. However, Finn soon realizes that Martin seems to care about no one but himself; Finn even tries to pry details of his birth from his father, but Martin provides only a few vague details. Finn, fed up with his father, closes him in the spaceship's escape pod and activates it, sending Martin into space. Finn then proceeds to save the members of the friendly civilization from the downed spaceship.
1. **"The Mountain"** - Lemongrab and Finn go on an expedition through the Mountain of Matthew to learn more about themselves. After being presented with three mirrors that show the viewer two false realities and one true reality, both Finn and Lemongrab both chose correctly and soon come into contact with the being Matthew (voiced by Jim Cummings), who meets his demise thanks to the antics of Lemongrab.
1. **"Dark Purple"** - Susan Strong (voiced by Jackie Buscarino) and her Hyooman associates break into the pre-war Super Porp soda factory in order to save a baby that was kidnapped by one of its delivery drones. Susan Strong soon discovers a race of mutated beings, who slave all day to craft the delicious Super Porp. Susan and her associates eventually square off against Cheryl (voiced by Burch), the dying spokesperson for the company, who reveals that she needs the baby to keep brand awareness strong. Susan saves the child and has the plant dismantled, which results in terrible soda.
1. **"The Diary"** - Jake's son T.V. (voiced by Dan Mintz) finds an old diary, which revives a decades-old mystery surrounding the writer of the book. T.V. soon pours over the scrawling of the writer, whose initials are B.P. (voiced by Alia Shawkat).  The more and more T.V. reads, however, the more obsessive he becomes, to the point where he soon begins to experience everything that the diary's author wrote about. Eventually, with the help of Jake, T.V. is able to discover that the diary belonged to Nurse Poundcake (voiced by Little) when she was younger.
1. **"Walnuts & Rain"** - When Finn and Jake fall into two different pits, in which they meet two different fates: Finn becomes the guest of the unstable King Huge (voiced by Matt L. Jones), who insists that Finn remain with him and stare at his idiosyncratic cuckoo clock; whereas Jake meets Seven (voiced by Chris Isaak), a bear whose makeshift air raft has been falling down the hole for years. Eventually, it turns out that the hole Jake and Seven are falling through is the chimney to the kitchen where Finn is being held captive. As such, Jake is eventually able to save Finn.
1. **"Friends Forever"** - The Ice King invites over the Life-Giving Magus under the guise of spending time together, when in reality Ice King wants to use him to bring his appliances to life in the hopes that he can befriend them. All of the newly conscious objects are more conscious and intellectual than Ice King would have liked, and disapprove of his sense of humor, except for a very sympathetic lamp (voiced by Tipper Newton). After trying—and failing—to understand their ways, Ice King ends up destroying all of them in a rage after they criticize him and try to take away his crown.
1. **"Jermaine"** - After a bizarre dream, Finn and Jake venture to the home of their brother, Jermaine (voiced by Tom Scharpling). The duo journey to their old familial house, which is still inhabited by Jermaine. The building is surrounded by demons, which Jermaine vigilantly fends off. Jermaine eventually gets into a fight with Jake, pointing out that he has had to take care of their father's affairs, whereas Jake has gotten to lead a life of adventure. Once the tensions cool—and the brothers' home burns to the ground—amends are finally made.
1. **"Chips & Ice Cream"** - After a bizarre curse gets placed on Jake by a bear named Morty Rogers (voiced by Ron Livingston), Jake is forced to live with two creatures named Chips and Ice Cream (voiced by Riki Lindhome and Kate Micucci respectively) that talk in a nonsense language consisting only of their names. Jake initially tries to live his life with the two creatures, but their incessant chattering begins to drive Finn and Jake crazy. Eventually, BMO figures out how to free Chips and Ice Cream, and they ascend into the heavens.
1. **"Graybles 1000+"** - Cuber (voiced by Emo Philips) uses his graybles to survive after crash landing in a futuristic and bleak version of Ooo. Each of the graybles—revolving around Finn, Jake, and BMO; Ice King and Gunter; Princess Bubblegum and Starchy; and Cuber himself—allow Cuber to survive and adapt in this alien world, and successfully evade a group of vengeful creatures, bent on destroying Cuber after he accidentally disturbed a wedding of theirs.
1. **"Hoots"** - After the Cosmic Owl (voiced by M. Emmet Walsh) spies an attractive lady bird (voiced by Kay Lenz) in Finn's dream, he begins to shirk his duties. He proceeds to do everything in his power to talk to her and find out who she is. Eventually, the two meet up, and the Cosmic Owl unwittingly invites the lady bird into the dream of Princess Bubblegum. In this dream, the lady bird suddenly turns into a deadly demon, spelling doom for Princess Bubblegum and the Candy Kingdom—due to the prophetic nature of dreams featuring the Cosmic Owl, this may come to pass in the waking world. It is later revealed that the lady bird was the dream manifestation of Gunter.
1. **"Water Park Prank"** - Finn and Jake take a break and go to a post-apocalyptic water park. While at the park, they run into the Ice King and decide to prank him by blocking up the water slide he is trying to go down.
1. **"You Forgot Your Floaties"** - Finn and Jake try to rescue Magic Man's new apprentice, Betty (voiced by Lena Dunham), but Magic Man stops them. Betty and Magic Man then create a system that will make Magic Man the new "globhead", allowing him to assume the position once held by his brother, Grob Gob Glob Grod. The two have a vision about an artificial intelligence that Magic Man created, called M.A.R.G.L.E.S., named after his dead wife who was taken by the entity Golb. M.A.R.G.L.E.S. was designed to be used as a weapon to stop Golb. A mishap, however, caused M.A.R.G.L.E.S. to severally damage Magic Man's brain. In the end, the magical procedure goes awry, and Betty absorbs Magic Man's powers, leaving him normal.
1. **"Be Sweet"** - Lumpy Space Princess takes a job babysitting Sweet P. After neglecting her duties and abandoning Sweet P, Lumpy Space Princess is tormented by a raccoon, who seems to verbally assault her with her subconscious fears: that she does not belong in the world of creature comforts. In the end, Lumpy Space Princess tracks down Sweet P, apologizes, and finally accepts her life in the woods. Later, Sweet P tells his parents about a recurring dream wherein he was a comet.
1. **"Orgalorg"** - Gunter has strange visions after an accident. It is revealed that Gunter is really Orgalorg, a primordial chaos demon that once terrorized a faraway system of planets. After angering Abraham Lincoln, the King of Mars, Orgalorg was defeated by Grob Gob Glob Grod and banished to Earth. The planet's gravity compressed the being into a penguin, and for thousands of years he wandered for most of human history until finally being taken in by the Ice King.
1. **"On the Lam"** - Finn's father, Martin, has been arrested on an alien planet and tries to get away. In the process, he meets a little alien he names Martin II; the alien, in turn, refers to Martin as "papa". Martin tries to escape from the guards, who threaten to destroy everyone if the "rebel leader" does not reveal himself. Martin decides to sacrifice himself to save Martin II, but it turns out that Martin II was actually the rebel leader. Martin abandons Martin II and steals the alien king's gold and escapes into space on a giant moth.
1. **"Hot Diggity Doom" (Part 1)** - On election day, Princess Bubblegum is more focused on a comet in the sky. Her inattention to the election leads to the King of Ooo winning and deposing her. She voluntarily goes into exile. Finn and Jake, having sworn allegiance to the kingdom, watch out for her people, but soon discover that Orgalorg has awakened inside of Gunter. While the rapidly approaching comet incites mass panic, the demon commandeers one of Bubblegum's spaceships and flies it out of the atmosphere.
1. **"The Comet" (Part 2)** - Finn and Jake learn that Orgalorg is attempting to absorb the power of the catalyst comet. They give chase and stow away aboard the ship, but are jettisoned into space and separated once Orgalorg reveals its true, gigantic form. Finn wills the universe to obey his wishes, and Martin appears. Orgalorg consumes the comet, but Finn jumps into its belly, wherein his long-dormant grass curse reactivates, growing into a whip-like hand. Finn's power cracks open the comet, revealing a cosmic entity (voiced by Tig Notaro), who offers Finn the opportunity to ascend to a higher plane of existence. Finn politely declines, saying he is rather fond of his life in Ooo. Martin takes the being up on its offer and disappears, and Finn and a critically wounded Orgalorg are rescued by Jake and Banana Man. The Earth's gravity once again compresses Orgalorg into the powerless Gunter.

## [Season 7](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adventure_Time_%28season_7%29)
1. **"Bonnie & Neddy"** - Finn and Jake explore a forbidden area under the Candy Kingdom for the King of Ooo. They discover a Candy Dragon, which the King of Ooo tries to monopolize as the source of all candy juice but scares it away. Finn and Jake enlist Bubblegum to help return the dragon, which she reveals is her shy and sensitive brother Neddy. Bubblegum finds Neddy, soothes him, and returns him to the Candy Kingdom after ensuring the King of Ooo cannot bother him again.
1. **"Varmints"** - Marceline visits the Candy Kingdom and is surprised that Bubblegum has been deposed. At Bubblegum's cabin, Bubblegum enlists Marceline's help in eliminating varmints that have been eating her pumpkins. They track the varmints and revisit an old mine tunnel which they frequented in their youth. The Queen Varmint proves too powerful for them to defeat, and Bubblegum admits that she misses the Candy Kingdom. Returning to the surface, Marceline promises to help Bubblegum defeat the Queen Varmint.
1. **"Cherry Cream Soda"** - Cherry Cream Soda, now married to Starchy, is determined to put her past behind her and buries the remains of her previous husband, Root Beer Guy. However, a chance lightning strike revives him as Dirt Beer Guy. He tries to return to Cherry Cream Soda, who is terrified of his sudden return and newfound strength. After a talk with Jake, Dirt Beer Guy finds the resolve to rekindle his relationship with Cherry Cream Soda, but a jealous Starchy tries to kill him. Angered by Starchy's behavior, Cherry Cream Soda breaks up with Starchy and decides to start dating Dirt Beer Guy.
1. **"Mama Said"** - The King of Ooo orders Finn and Jake to find a flying mushroom that he can ride. During their search, they encounter Canyon and accompany her to find a sacred spring. They are attacked by a giant flying mushroom, which Canyon defeats by turning the sacred spring's water into a blade to cut the mushroom apart. With no flying mushroom, Finn and Jake attempt to appease the King of Ooo with a mushroom pizza, but he fires them for their failure.
1. **"Football"** - BMO talks with Football, his reflection in the mirror, and agrees to switch places for a day. However, Football prefers the real world since the mirror world is empty and lonely, and reneges on the deal. Trapped, BMO haunts Football through reflective surfaces, and a terrified Football accidentally falls into a reflective pond, switching with BMO again. Football likes living in the pond, with the reflections of ducks to keep her company. BMO accepts an apology from Football and celebrates being back in the real world.
1. **"Stakes Part 1: Marceline the Vampire Queen"** - Marceline asks Princess Bubblegum to cure her vampirism, as she no longer wants to be immortal. Bubblegum performs an experimental procedure to extract the vampiric essence from Marceline's body; as Marceline recovers, the extracted essence gains a will of its own and escapes. Meanwhile, Finn and Jake are called to investigate bloodsucking attacks on livestock; they discover Marceline's extracted essence is responsible, as it has transformed into a vampire. While Finn and Jake chase the vampire, a mob of angry villagers capture Marceline and leave her to be destroyed by the rising sun.
1. **"Stakes Part 2: Everything Stays"** - While sunlight engulfs her, Marceline experiences flashbacks. She is comforted by her mother's lullaby as a child; witnesses Simon leaving her to protect her from himself; hunts vampires as a teenager and discovers she can absorb their powers. She befriends a tribe of Hyoomans, who are preparing to escape an impending catastrophe they fear will happen. Marceline helps fight more vampires, and tells the Hyoomans to flee when the Vampire King arrives. In the present, Marceline survives the sunlight, successfully cured of vampirism. Meanwhile, Jake encounters the vampires Marceline had previously killed, resurrected by her freed vampiric essence.
1. **"Stakes Part 3: Vamps About"** - The five deadliest vampires resurface: the Vampire King, The Fool, The Empress, the Hierophant and the Moon. Surprised to be alive again, they disagree on what to do and go their separate ways. Witnessing this, Jake warns Finn and Marceline. Learning the Vampire King is alive, Marceline has a flashback of their previous battle—when the Vampire King sacrificed himself to bite Marceline, making her the last vampire. Marceline hunts and confronts the resurrected Vampire King, killing the Fool and reabsorbing his power of flight. However, the Vampire King warns her that the Empress is headed for the Ice Kingdom. Fearing for the Ice King's safety, Marceline leaves immediately.
1. **"Stakes Part 4: The Empress Eyes"** - The Empress arrives at the Ice Kingdom and uses her hypnotism power on the Ice King, who captures Finn for her. Marceline attacks and escapes with Finn, pursued by the Ice King. Marceline tries to jog the Ice King's memory, but it turns out he was never hypnotized and this is how he always acts around women. Marceline then attacks the Empress, who has the upper hand until she is paralyzed by a special gun Bubblegum developed. Marceline kills the Empress and reabsorbs her power of invisibility. She apologizes to her friends for trying to fight the vampires alone and tells them that they will hunt the remaining vampires together.
1. **"Stakes Part 5: May I Come In?"** - While on the trail of the vampire known as the Moon, the group run into trouble when the shape-shifting Hierophant finds them. He proves to be too powerful to fight, so on learning that he cannot enter houses without permission, Jake shapeshifts into a house and the group take shelter inside. The Hierophant proposes joining forces against the Vampire King, and Marceline agrees on the condition that the Hierophant stops drinking blood. However, he attacks her and during the struggle, he is accidentally knocked into Jake and dies due to entering a house uninvited. Marceline reabsorbs his shapeshifting powers but then falls ill, having been poisoned by the Hierophant's stinger.
1. **"Stakes Part 6: Take Her Back"** - Princess Bubblegum brings Marceline to the Candy Kingdom to work on a cure for the Hierophant's poison. Meanwhile, Finn and Jake find the Moon whose healing power might aid Marceline, but cannot kill the Moon because her healing powers are so great. The Moon awakens at sunset and Finn and Jake flee, luring the Moon to the Candy Kingdom. The Moon uses her powers to incapacitate Finn and Jake as she attempts to kill Marceline, but Peppermint Butler stabs the Moon in the back, her only weak spot. Marceline reabsorbs the Moon's healing power and fully recovers from the poison.
1. **"Stakes Part 7: Checkmate"** - The group prepare to confront the Vampire King, who unexpectedly appears and says he no longer wishes to be a vampire. He maintains this, despite Marceline's attempts to attack him, and the group reluctantly agree to remove his vampiric essence. Bubblegum uses the same contraption she'd earlier used on Marceline, which turns the Vampire King into a relatively harmless lion, and puts his vampiric essence in a bucket. Bubblegum leaves Peppermint Butler to properly dispose of the essence but he trips, causing the essence to detonate into a new monstrosity: The Dark Cloud.
1. **"Stakes Part 8: The Dark Cloud"** - The Dark Cloud moves towards the Candy Kingdom, pursued by Finn, Jake, and Bubblegum. Seeing Bubblegum fighting the Dark Cloud, the people of Candy Kingdom are inspired to overthrow the King of Ooo and join the battle. Marceline resigns herself to defeat until the Ice King instills in her a sense of purpose, convincing her it is her destiny to stop the Dark Cloud. Marceline eventually uses her demonic soul-sucking abilities to drain the Dark Cloud from the inside out. However, in doing so she once more becomes the Vampire Queen. In the aftermath, Marceline comes to terms with her vampiric nature, telling Bubblegum that her time as a mortal has made her more mature. Marceline sings a rendition of "Everything Stays", with short sequences of Ooo's return to normalcy.
1. **"The More You Moe, the Moe You Know"** - A MO claiming to be Moe visits for BMO's birthday, bringing a special mission for the robot: return to the MO factory to grow up. BMO is nervous, worrying that the process of growing up may affect the way others see it. At the MO factory, BMO, after nearly falling into a trash compactor, learns that the real Moe went offline yesterday, and that the MO at the tree fort is actually AMO, the first MO ever created. AMO was built to receive love, and has become desperate for affection at any cost. Realizing that AMO has attempted to take its place and receive the love of Finn and Jake, BMO rushes back to the tree house, and in the resultant scuffle, AMO is accidentally hurled off a cliff.
1. **"The More You Moe, the Moe You Know" (Part 2)**
1. **"Summer Showers"** - Jake's daughter, Viola, is up for the lead role in a play directed by Lumpy Space Princess, but is instead made responsible for sound and practical effects. Lumpy Space Princess treats her poorly and picks over details of reproducing raindrops. Viola puts up with this, wanting to make Jake proud. On opening night, the leading lady is unable to perform and Lumpy Space Princess decides to take her place, but at the last moment Viola teleports Lumpy Space Princess far away so she can assume the lead role. Lumpy Space Princess makes her way back, but her anger is soothed when she sees the raindrops Viola made for the play.
1. **"Angel Face"** - BMO sets up an elaborate cowboy-themed live-action role-play scenario. Using special "sentient sandwiches" as a bribe, BMO convinces Jake to take on the role of his horse, and the two set off to catch Finn, who is role-playing as an outlaw. Meanwhile, Me-Mow sees a pretend wanted poster that BMO made with Finn's picture on it, and she kidnaps Finn in the hopes of receiving an actual bounty. Finn escapes with the help of BMO and Jake, and they imprison Me-Mow deep inside the Candy Kingdom.
1. **"President Porpoise Is Missing!"** - While playing video games in their treehouse, Finn and Jake learn that President Porpoise is missing. They decide to find Banana Man for help, and are surprised that Banana Man and the Ice King were already there, listening. Finn and Jake enlist BMO to distract the Ice King, while they travel with Banana Man to the bottom of the sea in Banana Man's submarine. Finn and Jake interrogate Vice President Blowfish but are unsuccessful at getting information. At the last moment before Blowfish takes over as President of the Ocean, President Porpoise returns, explaining that he had taken a long weekend.
1. **"Blank-Eyed Girl"** - Finn and Jake are confronted by the urban myth of the Blank-Eyed Girl, creatures who hide in all corners of Ooo and unnervingly stare at people for no reason. Finn and Jake are terrified and try to fight off the Blank-Eyed Girls with various superstitions. When this fails, they try to ignore the Blank-Eyed Girls, but Jake breaks down at their creepiness. Eventually, the creatures reveal that they are formless creatures in disguise, and they leave the tree house through an open window.
1. **"Bad Jubies"** - A deadly storm hits the grasslands, forcing Finn, Jake, BMO, and Lumpy Space Princess to build a bunker. Jake appears to do nothing while the others collect necessities, angering them. In the end, it is revealed that Jake was collecting sounds; as the storm threatens to destroy the group's bunker, Jake uses a beat box of these sounds to calm the storm.
1. **"King's Ransom"** - The Ice King enlists Finn and Jake to recover his stolen crown and Gunter the penguin. After several wasted efforts involving foxes and fake crowns, they learn that Gunter and the real crown have been taken to a mysterious cave. The Ice King goes alone and meets Betty, who used Gunter's innate demon powers to manipulate the circuitry of the crown for unknown purposes. As the Ice King is reunited with the ice crown and Gunter, Betty disappears.
1. **"Scamps"** - After foiling a scam perpetrated by a group of at-risk candy kids, Finn takes the youths on a camping trip in an attempt to reform them. Initially, the kids are unable to give up their immoral ways, but Finn uses reverse psychology to convince the kids to do what he wants them to do. In the end, the children enroll in school to better themselves.
1. **"Crossover"** - Finn and Jake cross over into Farmworld—the alternate dimension that was first created in the episode "Finn the Human"—to stop Farmworld-Finn and the Jake-Lich from using an alternate version of the Enchiridion to open doorways into all dimensions. After a long and drawn-out battle, Finn, Jake, and Ice Finn team up to stop the Jake-Lich. Finn and Jake are then able to use a magical device provided by Prismo to remove the essence of the Lich from Farmworld-Jake, returning Farmworld to normal.
1. **"The Hall of Egress"** - Finn and Jake set out to find a dungeon, but Finn ends up getting trapped within. In the center of the structure he finds a door; when he closes his eyes, he is able to pass through. Beyond the door is a maze, and past the maze is the outside world. However, if Finn opens his eyes, he is transported back to the door. At first, Finn tries to live his life blindfolded, but he is always forced to open his eyes. He eventually wanders into an identical dungeon, in the center of which is a door that he can only pass through by opening his eyes. In so doing, Finn manages to escape.
1. **"Flute Spell"** - Huntress Wizard seeks Finn's flute-playing skills to summon the Spirit of the Forest. Jake suspects that Finn has feelings for Huntress Wizard, but Finn adamantly denies it. After drinking from a magic spring, Finn briefly interacts with the Spirit, but it is only by playing together that the two are able to summon the Spirit on the material plane. Asked what he was thinking about to allow the summoning to work, Finn confesses that he was thinking of Huntress Wizard. Huntress Wizard likewise admits that she was thinking of Finn; the two kiss, but realize they cannot be with one another.
1. **"The Thin Yellow Line"** - Princess Bubblegum orders Finn and Jake to infiltrate the banana guard and find a rogue guard who has been painting murals on Candy Kingdom property. Banana Guard 16 is responsible, having run out of space in his hidden art studio. He fears revealing that he is a painter because Bubblegum terrifies him. However, Bubblegum explains that she wanted to hire him to paint an official mural in one of her halls.

## [Season 8](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adventure_Time_%28season_8%29)
1. **"Broke His Crown"** - While visiting the Ice King, Princess Bubblegum and Marceline notice he is acting stranger than usual. Bubblegum takes Ice King and his crown back to her laboratory, where she and Marceline enter the crown via virtual reality. They discover the crown is a maze, with circuitry running on its walls. There, they meet the original Gunther (voiced by Pamela Adlon). It is here that Marceline is reunited with Simon Petrikov who expresses his worries about what has been happening recently within the crown. The group discover a malware program, taking the form of a bodiless Betty, infecting the crown. Simon tries to get through to Betty to stop her from spreading it; he eventually succeeds, and the AI Betty is able to remember him and cease her alterations of the crown's circuitry. As such, the crown starts to reprogram to block access of foreign objects, and Marceline and Bubblegum are forced to leave. They return to the lab and take Ice King back to his kingdom—without him remembering a thing.
1. **"Don't Look"** - Finn unearths a treasure at the top of Dead Mountain—magical glasses. But these glasses come at a terrible price, for they turn those gazed upon into that which the wearer perceives them to be. Finn's gaze soon literally transforms Jake into a cooler older brother, BMO into a winged angel, Bubblegum into a "teenage boy heart-throb," the Ice King into Simon, and NEPTR into a microwave. Upon realizing that he turned NEPTR into an inanimate object, Finn breaks down and looks at himself in the mirror, which causes him to turn into an actual monster. Jake, however, is able to console his brother by telling him that, while Finn's eyes are bad at describing reality, his heart knows what is right. This breaks the spell and returns everything to normal.
1. **"Beyond the Grotto"** - Finn and Jake are tired of their sea lard, so they decide to throw it in the pond in front of their home. However, Shelby is quick to remind them sea lards can only survive in a salt water environment, so Finn and Jake dive in after the lard and attempt to save it. In so doing, they are led to a strange new world that superficially resembles Ooo, but is slightly off kilter. Eventually, Finn and Jake begin to forget who they are, and it is only the quick thinking of the sea lard that allows them to return to Ooo. In the end, Finn and Jake realize they were in the wrong for trying to get rid of their lard, and they allow it to live with them.
1. **"Lady Rainicorn of the Crystal Dimension"** - Jake's son TV (voiced by Dan Mintz) finds a hidden box containing a crystal sandwich. After eating it, TV draws attention from a Rainicorn named Lee (voiced by Bert Youn). Prior to her having arrived in Ooo, Lady Rainicorn had originally been in a relationship with Lee while living in the Crystal Dimension. Lee was adamantly anti-dog, and his increasingly radical and violent tendencies caused Lady to flee. In the present, it is revealed that the crystal sandwich is some sort of doomsday weapon, and only the combined efforts of Lady and TV are able to stop Lee from activating it and unleashing its power.
1. **"I Am a Sword"** - After Finn accidentally loses his Finn sword, it is stolen by Bandit Princess (voiced by Amy Sedaris) and used for evil. Finn and Jake pursue the thief, trailing her to both the Spikey Village and the Box Kingdom. It is here, in this last location, that Finn and Bandit Princess engage in a duel. While fighting, Finn's grass sword activates. With the grass sword, Finn accidentally pierces the hilt crystal of his Finn Sword, causing it to break. Finn becomes depressed, and Jake hangs up the broken Finn Sword above their fireplace. When the two are not looking, however, it begins to glow an eerie green color.
1. **"Bun Bun"** - Princess Bubblegum creates a small pastry named Bun Bun (voiced by Ashly Burch) to be Cinnamon Bun's squire. However, because Bun Bun is a veritable tabula rasa, she asks questions about everything. Cinnamon Bun eventually loses track of her, and she befriends the deposed Flame King (voiced by Keith David). He tries to use her as an instrument for evil, but her innocence eventually causes him to turn over a new leaf. Meanwhile, Finn apologizes to Flame Princess for his treatment of her before, during, and after their break-up. They make amends and begin to rebuild their relationship by engaging in a free-style rap battle.
1. **"Normal Man"** - Normal Man (voiced by Tom Kenny) asks for Finn and Jake's help to save his brother, Glob (voiced by Kenny) from Tiny Manticore (voiced by Kenny). Tiny Manticore, hoping to make Magic Man suffer for the years of abuse that he caused others to suffer, steals Glob's head away to a dangerous mountain, and Finn, Jake, and Magic Man give chase. Eventually, Tiny Manticore has a change of heart, allowing Glob and Normal Man to finally make amends. Normal Man then returns to Mars to ascend the Martian throne; at first, the Martians do not trust him (given his history), but eventually he is able to woo them with brownies.
1. **"Elemental"** - Ice King digs up an ice sphere buried underneath the Ice Kingdom. Inside is Patience St. Pim (voiced by Lauren Lapkus), the ice elemental who has been asleep for a thousand years. She reveals that immediately prior to the Mushroom War, she froze herself to escape annihilation. Patience St. Pim reassembles the other elements—Princess Bubblegum, Slime Princess, and Flame Princess—and attempts to "get the band back together". However, the three captured princesses do not appreciate Patience St. Pim's aggressive style, and after she freezes Finn and Jake, they use their newfound elemental powers to overtake Patience St. Pim and escape.
1. **"Five Short Tables"** - Ice King narrates several vignettes detailing Fionna (voiced by Madeleine Martin) and Cake's (voiced by Roz Ryan) adventures as they attempt to push Cake's cooking and artistic skills to an all-new level. Along the way, they interact with Prince Gumball (voiced by Keith Ferguson), Butterscotch Butler (voiced by Elle Newlands), Flame Prince (voiced by Hannibal Buress), Turtle Prince (voiced by Crispin Freeman), Marshall Lee (voiced by Donald Glover), Lumpy Space Prince, and Ice Queen (voiced by Grey DeLisle). In the end, it is revealed that the events of this episode are in turn being viewed by Cuber (voiced by Emo Philips).
1. **"The Music Hole"** - Finn, still despondent over the loss of his Finn Sword, is selected to be the judge of a battle of the bands. Almost everyone in Ooo takes part, but Finn becomes interested in a song that seemingly only he can hear. With Jake and Lady, Finn tracks down the source of the music: the titular Music Hole (voiced by Ashley Eriksson). The hole explains to Finn that its song can only be heard by either the innocent, or those who have experienced a great loss. After discussing the nature of loss and camaraderie, Finn declares the Hole to be the winner of the battle of the bands.
1. **"Daddy-Daughter Card Wars"** - Jake attempts to get his daughter Charlie (voiced by Alia Shawkat)—an expert tarot card reader—to team up with him to win a Card Wars competition. Jake is motivated by his desire to beat his former friend, Grand Prix (voiced by Rich Sommer). Charlie, meanwhile, only wants to obtain a bone from her father to cast a chaos magic spell. After seeing visions of her future self, Charlie decides to come to Jake's aid. The two make a formidable pair, but still end up losing to Grand Prix. However, Jake learns to live and let live, and his grudge dissipates.
1. **"Preboot" (Part 1)** - During an excavation of human artifacts, Finn, Jake and Susan Strong (voiced by Jackie Buscarino) are greeted by a mysterious stranger named Dr. Gross (voiced by Lennon Parham) who lives in a subterranean ship. This enigmatic figure believes that nature can be "upgraded" via cybernetics. At first hospitable, Dr. Gross turns violent and antagonistic when Finn, Jake, and Susan decline to be upgraded. During the course of the episode, Dr. Gross discovers Susan's cybernetic implant, but is unable to activate it before her ship is destroyed.
1. **"Reboot" (Part 2)** - After Finn accidentally causes Susan to be shocked, her cybernetic implant activates, She turns into a mindless drone and attempts to capture Finn. In the process, a chance blast of energy from a gumball guardian causes Susan to grow into a hulking monster. Finn and Susan eventually arrive along the shore, where they engage in a fight. During the fray, Finn's grass arm attempts to harm Susan, and Finn resists. It eventually detaches from his arm and merges with the broken Finn Sword, creating a mysterious grass-hybrid creature.
1. **"Two Swords"** - After Finn gets fitted with a new robotic arm by Princess Bubblegum, he recounts how the grass creature, dubbed Grass Finn (voiced by Hayden Ezzy), started to become aware to the point that it began to think it was the real Finn. Grass Finn is revealed to be a reborn version of the Finn Sword mixed with the remnants of the Grass Sword when it was pierced in "I Am a Sword". Finn appeals to Grass Finn's nature and decides to let it stay with him and Jake until it figures out what to do with itself.
1. **"Do No Harm"** - Finn heads to the Candy Kingdom hospital to check on Susan and ends up filling in for Doctor Princess. While things seem to be fine at first, it becomes apparent that Finn's doctor skills are amateur at best. Meanwhile, Jake and Grass Finn go searching for the Grass Wizard in hopes that he will discover meaning to his life. When it's revealed that Grass Wizard simply made him for fun, Grass Finn beats him up which lands him in the hospital. Grass Finn changes his name to Fern and leaves to travel Ooo and Susan finally awakens from her coma.
1. **"Wheels"** - Kim Kil Whan asks Jake to find out why his daughter Bronwyn (voice by Rae Gray) is failing in class. Jake finds out that Bronwyn has been spending time at the skate park with her friends. Jake ends up showing off how cool he is, appeasing the skate park kids and embarrassing Bronwyn. Fed up with Jake, Bronwyn challenges him to a race which ends with Jake getting injured. Kim Kil Whan talks to Bronwyn and they both make up.
1. **"High Strangeness"** - It is revealed that Tree Trunks has had alien children with extraterrestrials who visit her every couple of years or so. While attending Princess Bubblegum's launching of a small probe rocket, Tree Trunks' alien friends are hit by the probe and start to become infected by Bubblegum's gumlings. Tree Trunks discovers that Bubblegum has more probes and brings her aboard the aliens' ship to show what they have been doing. Bubblegum apologizes and retrieves the gumlings, revealing that she wanted to colonize other planets. The aliens agree to take her probe to an uninhabited planet.
1. **"Horse and Ball"** - James Baxter's ball is destroyed making him unresponsive and depressed. Jake and BMO rush off to see Raggedy Princess who, after sympathizing with James Baxter's plight, gives Jake and BMO numerous beach balls. In flashback, it's revealed that James Baxter was a horse who came from a bustling grey city and found a beach ball while befriending a lonely bat. He reads the words "Games" and "Bookstore" as "James" and "Baxter" and goes off making people happy, but at the cost of losing his new friend. Finn attends to the depressed James Baxter and tells him to find what makes him happy. James Baxter rejects the beach balls and proceeds to dance for himself.
1. **"Jelly Beans Have Power"** - After having tea with Slime Princess, Princess Bubblegum becomes jealous of her new elemental power. Bubblegum has a dream of meeting the Candy Elemental, Chapsberry (voiced by Alan Tudyk), who empowers her with the ability to fire jellybeans from her hands. Later, the Candy Kingdom is attacked by a large crystal fortune teller and Bubblegum jumps to the rescue. Her jellybeans do little to harm it, but after having visions from Chapsberry, Bubblegum uses her scientific mind to blow it up; however, her powers harm the citizens who now fear her. Meanwhile, it is revealed that the fortune teller was sent by Patience St. Pim who checks off a photo of Bubblegum.
1. **"Islands Part 1: The Invitation"** - A large robotic craft arrives searching for Susan Strong. However, when it reaches the Bubblegum Kingdom, Jake destroys it with his fist. Princess Bubblegum examines the wreckage and discovers its location of origin leading Finn wanting to discover its creators. Before leaving, Finn tells Fern to stay and look after Ooo for him. Princess Bubblegum, Marceline and Fern see Finn, Jake and Susan off on their voyage.
1. **"Islands Part 2: Whipple the Happy Dragon"** - Finn, Jake, and Susan encounter a sea dragon named Whipple (voiced by Josh Fadem) who turns out to be rather annoying. BMO, who stowed away on their boat, angrily tells Whipple off. BMO summons a storm and destroys their boat forcing Jake to fill in. Jake begins to hallucinate his parents after a species of jellyfish latch onto him, but Finn and Susan are able to fight them. After Jake complains about wanting to return home, Finn reveals how important this trip is to him. Whipple overhears Finn's lament and uses his powers to blow the group over the dangerous waters.
1. **"Islands Part 3: Mysterious Island"** - After an encounter with a colossus, Finn wakes up on an island where the weather drastically fluctuates. He encounters an old lady named Alva (voiced by Helena Mattsson) who does not speak English. Alva invites Finn to her home and shows her home movies of other humans who have presumably died. Later Finn, Alva and her pet bear encounter Jake who does not know the whereabouts of BMO and Susan. On the moon, BMO is being attended to by another robot and wishes that Finn, Jake and Susan could join her.
1. **"Islands Part 4: Imaginary Resources"** - Finn and Jake head to a futuristic island where all of society has hooked themselves up to a virtual reality simulator. BMO is revealed to actually be in that simulation becoming a heroic leader along with his sidekick Vinny (voiced by Reggie Watts). Jake decides to go and destroy the generator powering the VR after BMO refuses to leave. Feeling bad for BMO, as well as the emaciated humans, Finn asks Jake to fix the generator, but BMO fixes it himself. BMO returns to Finn and Jake and they take a pod to the next island.
1. **"Islands Part 5: Hide and Seek"** - Finn, Jake and BMO find Susan who begins to have glimpses of her past. Susan, whose real name is Kara, is a seeker in training whose job is to bring those who try to flee from paradise. Kara is friends with Frieda (voiced by Jasika Nicole) who expresses the desire to flee which causes Kara some discomfort. She approaches Dr. Gross (voiced by Lennon Parham) asking if they can live off the island. When Dr. Gross convinces her that the outside is dangerous, they stop Frieda from leaving, dragging her away crying. Back in the present, Susan tells Finn her real name.
1. **"Islands Part 6: Min & Marty"** - Kara decides to take Finn to Founders Island so that he can be reunited with his mother, Minerva Campbell (voiced by Sharon Horgan). Flashbacks detail how Minerva, a nurse, met Finn's father Martin Mertins (voiced by Stephen Root) when he was hospitalized after it was mistakenly believed he was attempting to leave the island with a group of escapees. Martin and Minerva fall in love and have Finn. When one of the attempted escapees, an elderly widow (voiced by Laraine Newman), seeks revenge on Martin, he flees on a boat with Finn. When the colossus attacks their craft, the pair are separated, leaving Finn to drift away. The widow is arrested and Minerva is heartbroken over Martin and Finn's disappearance.
1. **"Islands Part 7: Helpers"** - The group make it to Founders Island where humans have been living in relative peace. While Kara is distracted by Frieda, Finn and Jake discover that the island is full of Minerva look-alike robots called "helpers". They are brought to the real Minerva—a digitized consciousness—when Finn is identified as her son. Minerva reveals that she had Dr. Gross send Kara to retrieve Finn, but years had passed and Dr. Gross accidentally released a deadly virus that was killing humans. Minerva had her essence uploaded into a computer, and then created the helpers to prolong the human race. But now that Finn is here with her, she expresses her desire that he stay permanently.
1. **"Islands Part 8: The Light Cloud"** - While Susan makes amends with Frieda, Finn tries to convince Minerva that life off the island isn't bad, but Minerva thinks it's dangerous. Finn then tries to convince the humans to leave and they all rally alongside him. Minerva tries to upload the consciousnesses of all the islands' inhabitants, so Finn shares with her his memories of helping people, causing her to back down. The humans all change their minds about leaving, except for Frieda. With Minerva's help, they defeat the colossus and Susan and Frieda leave for parts unknown. Finn has one final talk with Minerva through the VR headset before returning to Ooo with Jake and BMO.

## [Season 9](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adventure_Time_%28season_9%29)
1. **"Orb"** - After the events of Islands, Finn, Jake, and BMO have just eaten dozens of bananas. Pleasantly full, they start to fall asleep. Soon, each of them has entered into their own fantastical dreamworld.
1. **"Elements Part 1: Skyhooks"** - Finn, Jake and BMO return to Ooo and discover that their home and its surroundings have been turned into candy. They also encounter Fern, N.E.P.T.R., Shelby, Lemongrab, Tree Trunks, Mr. Pig and Marceline, who are now happily-brainwashed candy people. A frightened Sweet P, the only person who is still normal, directs the three to a mysterious candy tower. The tower is Princess Bubblegum, who has become a large candy being and tries make them candy people as well. BMO is transformed; Finn and Jake are rescued by the Ice King, who takes them to the Sky Kingdom. As Finn and Jake look down, they discover that Ooo has been divided into four corrupted sections.
1. **"Elements Part 2: Bespoken For"** - The Ice King explains what happened to Ooo while Finn and Jake were away. After they left on their adventure, he was visited by Betty (voiced by Felicia Day); frustrated that the Ice King did not remember her, she asks him for a date and recreates a restaurant from his previous life as Simon. When the Ice King still cannot remember his old life, Betty drops him off back home. Tiny Manticore advises Betty to reach out to him as the Ice King instead of Simon, since she has changed as well. Betty returns to the Ice King and they begin playing together. Patience St. Pim (voiced by Lauren Lapkus) kidnaps Betty and begins using her magic to empower the mind-controlled Princess Bubblegum, Flame Princess and Slime Princess, while the Ice King flees with Gunter.
1. **"Elements Part 3: Winter Light"** - Finn, Jake and the Ice King travel to the Ice World and break through the large ice dome covering its center. They see Carroll (voiced by Cameron Esposito) from "The Tower", who was converted to ice and is pleased with her new appearance. They then encounter Patience, who seems disappointed with the new Ooo. She empowered the other elementals, but they remain in their own sections of Ooo because Patience forced them to power up instead of allowing them to do it themselves. The gang rescues Betty and leaves, as Patience bemoans the new world to an iced Choose Goose. Betty says that she can help them with the power of the Enchiridion (which Finn has), and laughs ominously.
1. **"Elements Part 4: Cloudy"** - To calm Finn, Jake tucks them into a cloud which floats away from the Ice King and Betty. Jake and Finn float in an endless sky, and another cloud (with a door) flies past them. They play barber to pass the time, and get to the root of their worries. The cloud flies past again, and they discover that it is a type of animal known as an "Angler Lard". They use the Lard to fly back to Betty and the Ice King, and Betty has discovered how to return Ooo to normal.
1. **"Elements Part 5: Slime Central"** - Finn and Jake arrive in the transformed Slime Kingdom to retrieve Slime Princess' crown for her jewel. They see Lumpy Space Princess, who is attending Slime Princess's roller-skating party. The winners of the skating competition are absorbed by Slime Princess, and the losers are caged. Finn, Jake and Lumpy Space Princess enter and lose, discovering that they get absorbed anyway. Finn grabs the crown, but Jake is absorbed by Slime Princess. Lumpy Space Princess saves Finn, revealing that her "lumps" protect her from corruption. They are ejected from Slime Princess and forced to leave. Finn is sad at the loss of Jake, but Lumpy Space Princess explains that Finn and Jake always win; this inspires Finn to continue his mission.
1. **"Elements Part 6: Happy Warrior"** - Finn, Lumpy Space Princess, and Gunter arrive in a radically-altered Fire Kingdom. The inhabitants, which include Wyatt (voiced by Andrew Daly) and Lady Rainicorn, attack the heroes. Finn and Gunter try desperately to restrain their violent tendencies, which would allow the kingdom to corrupt them. The group finds Flame Princess, who has transformed into a dragon. When she swallows the jewel necessary to save Ooo, Finn begins attacking her and becomes a fire person. Lumpy Space Princess, angered by the violence, yells at everyone to stop fighting. The kingdom misinterprets her anger, and decides to go to war with the Candy Kingdom. Cinnamon Bun, unaffected by the corruption, frets that this is the end of Ooo.
1. **"Elements Part 7: Hero Heart"** - Lumpy Space Princess chases Finn and unsuccessfully tries to return him to normal. The Ice King and Betty try to intervene, but are swatted away by Flame Princess. The Fire Kingdom inhabitants "fight" their Candy Kingdom counterparts, upsetting Lumpy Space Princess. After eating some of Marceline (who is made of marshmallows), Lumpy Space Princess reaches out to Finn's heroic heart by placing some of Princess Bubblegum on him. Remembering happier times with Bubblegum, Finn returns to normal. Bubblegum then fires her candy powers, converting everyone except Finn (who is protected by Lumpy Space Princess) into obedient candy people. Finn grabs the three jewels and gives them to Betty; she betrays him and leaves him behind, surrounded by the inhabitants of the Candy Kingdom.
1. **"Elements Part 8: Skyhooks II"** - Betty knocks out the Ice King and says that she wants to use the jewels to go back in time and prevent Simon from transforming into the Ice King. The Ice King, oblivious to her plans, accidentally ruins her spell; this causes her to be transported to Mars, where she meets Normal Man. Lumpy Space Princess rescues Finn from the candy people; Princess Bubblegum enacts her plan to convert the rest of Ooo into candy, while Patience freezes herself again. Finn realizes that Lumpy Space Princess's immunity means that she is the anti-elemental. The Ice King arrives with the gems, and Lumpy Space Princess returns Ooo to normal. Jake returns (resembling his blue shape-shifter parent), but Finn is happy to be reunited with his brother.
1. **"Abstract"** - Finn, BMO and Lady Rainicorn are somewhat disturbed by Jake's new, alien appearance, but Jake seems oblivious (or in denial). After Jake has a bizarre dream about Jermaine (voiced by Tom Scharpling) painting abstract art (which, according to Jake, he hates), he decides to look for him. Jake traverses the wasteland until he finds Jermaine's studio. He tries to keep Jermaine from changing, but Jermaine convinces him that change is good as long as you remain the same on the inside. After examining (and taking home) one of Jermaine's paintings, Jake discovers that he has returned to normal and is greeted by a very-pleased Finn.
1. **"Ketchup"** - Marceline is unexpectedly visited by BMO, who is asked to download a USB drive. While they wait, BMO tells the story of it, Finn and Jake traveling the seas; the mostly-inaccurate story involves a cat named Ted and a blue jay (voiced by J. G. Quintel). Marcy then tells the story of "Lollipop Girl" and "Rock Star Girl" and their encounter with a "Blue Tranch", which resulted in "Weekend Island" being taken over by potatoes. When the USB drive downloads, it reveals pictures of young Marcy with her mother. She pretends not to know them, and asks BMO to tell their story: a tale about "the Child and the Moon Girl", for which Marcy is grateful.
1. **"Fionna and Cake and Fionna"** - At a Fionna and Cake book reading by the Ice King, an old woman claiming to be Fionna (voiced by Charlotte Newhouse) arrives with a tape of an early Fionna and Cake adventure. The Ice King, enamored by "Fionna", invites her to stay with him. At night the Ice King watches the remainder of the tape, where Fionna and Cake find a mummy (voiced by Chelsea Peretti), who is actually the Queen of Ooo. The Ice King misinterprets the video, and thinks that "Fionna" is a mummy. He confronts her, and discovers that she was looking for more Fionna and Cake tapes; however, the Ice King has no more. "Fionna" is a bunny who picked up Fionna and Cake signals and wanted more; when she realizes what she has done, she flees. Later that night, a mysterious beam containing clips of Fionna and Cake adventures is sent to the Ice King while he sleeps.
1. **"Whispers"** - Finn and Fern encounter Sweet P, who was running away from home after having a nightmare, while they are fishing. Sweet P says that he has been having visions of a "whisper monster", who tries to tell him that he is evil. Finn and Fern decide to camp with Sweet P when they encounter the hand of the Lich which was cut off in "Crossover". Finn and Fern fight the Lich's hand, but it escapes. Finn chases it into a tunnel and is rescued by Sweet P (he knocked out Fern so he could escape), who slays the hand. Fern, feeling useless for being unable to help, plots to become the true Finn.
1. **"Three Buckets"** - Fern reveals his ability to change his appearance to look just like Finn. Impressed, Finn joins Fern in a dungeon hidden in a mountain. Fern traps Finn in one of the rooms, and reveals his plan to replace him. Finn learns that his robotic arm can do a variety of things, and drills his way out of the dungeon. Finn and Fern fight in a field; Finn tries to reason with Fern, but his robot arm mishears the word "finality" as "fatality" and he destroys him. Finn returns home traumatized, and Jake and BMO comfort him. Meanwhile, Princess Bubblegum's Uncle Gumbald (voiced by Fred Melamed) scoops Fern's still-living remains into a bucket.

## [Season 10](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adventure_Time_%28season_10%29)
1. **"The Wild Hunt"** - Still feeling guilty about Fern's death, Princess Bubblegum tasks Finn with protecting the banana guard from a monster later called "the Grumbo". Finn can't bring himself to kill the monster, since he keeps seeing Fern's face when he is close to defeating it. He later meets Huntress Wizard (voiced by Jenny Slate), who is also trying to slay the Grumbo and tries to encourage him. They find the Grumbo's cave, and Finn stalls again. Huntress Wizard puts herself in harm's way; Finn imagines Fern in her place, and finally slays the Grumbo. Afterwards, Finn and Huntress Wizard casually admit their feelings for each other and realize that the Grumbo was artificially-created. Uncle Gumbald plots to create another monster, using Fern's remains.
1. **"Always BMO Closing"** - BMO and the Ice King become door-to-door salesmen by posing as one body (Ice King as the body, and BMO as the head). After selling a stick to Tree Trunks, they get lost and end up at the dungeon where Gumbald stays. They sell him Finn's baby teeth, which he happily pays for with a silver cup. Finn is outraged that his baby teeth were sold and is mortified when baby Finns (made of teeth) begin attacking the treehouse. With the Ice King's encouragement, BMO "sells" two mallets to Finn and Jake, who defeat the tooth babies. Afterward, Gumbald admits that his plan was a bad idea.
1. **"Son of Rap Bear"** - At a party, Flame Princess accidentally signs a contract with Toronto to forfeit her kingdom to him if she loses a rap battle with Son of Rap Bear (voiced by Dumbfoundead). She and Finn meet Rap Bear (voiced by Rekstizzy), who says that his son blew his legs off; this frightens them. Flame Princess feels ill-prepared despite her training and visits her father, the deposed Flame King (voiced by Keith David). Although she tries to mend their rocky relationship, she is frustrated by her father's apparent oblivion to the pain he caused her. Flame Princess begins to lose her composure at the rap battle but expresses her anger when she sees the still-unapologetic Flame King in the crowd. Her rap impresses the crowd, and she defeats Son of Rap Bear.
1. **"Bonnibel Bubblegum"** - When Finn presents the silver cup from "Always BMO Closing," Princess Bubblegum decides to tell him, Marceline, and Jake more of her history. Eight hundred years ago, Bubblegum decided to create a gum family—composed of Uncle Gumbald, Aunt Lolly, and Cousin Chicle—to help farm the area. However, her family quickly turned on her, as Bubblegum resisted Gumbald's efforts to "brand" their family and create a capitalist empire. Gumbald decided to stage a coup by dousing his niece with a juice that transforms its drinkers into low-minded candy people. Bonnibel fought back, and in the ensuing mayhem, Uncle Gumbald, Aunt Lolly, and Cousin Chicle were all transformed into the first of her candy citizens. In the present, BMO reveals that it got the cup from a recently-return Gumbald.
1. **"Seventeen"** - At Finn's seventeenth birthday party (held at the Candy Kingdom), Princess Bubblegum, Marceline, Huntress Wizard, and BMO give him gifts. The Green Knight (voiced by Brad Neely) arrives and gives Finn an ax he can keep if he attacks him with it. Thinking that it is one of Jake's tricks, Finn beheads the Green Knight; Jake arrives, and the knight challenges him to a battle by blocking him from his friends. Finn accepts, and they play the party games two-on-three. While they are arm-wrestling, the Knight reveals himself as a revived Fern and defeats Finn. He is stopped by Gumbald, who reveals that he, Lolly, and Chicle were restored from being exposed to Lumpy Space Princess's transformation of Ooo at the end of Elements. The trio and Fern leave, and Finn is devastated by his loss.
1. **"Ring of Fire"** - Tree Trunks gets a call from her old flame, Randy (voiced by David Herman), who wants his old ring back to give to his new girlfriend. In flashback, Randy proposed to Tree Trunks after he graduated from high school. Tree Trunks immediately left him and became a sea pirate, meeting and marrying Danny (voiced by Raza Jaffrey). When he lies to her, she breaks up with him and becomes the CEO of a shipping company. Tree Trunks marries Wyatt, her employee, but breaks up with him because of his possessiveness, and he flees with the ring. Mr. Pig and Wyatt (who still has the ring) arrive; Randy gets the ring back, and Tree Trunks and Mr. Pig reaffirm their love.
1. **"Marcy & Hunson"** - Peppermint Butler gives Finn the Night Blade (a new sword) and summons Hunson Abadeer. Peppermint Butler lets Hunson roam the earth for one day and is restrained from using his powers. Finn and Jake bring him to Marceline, who is again annoyed at her father's ignorance. When Finn and Jake let it slip that Marceline has a solo concert for ghosts, Hunson forces his way in. Marceline's performance is interrupted by Hunson's interference. Chicle (who has been following them) starts a ruckus with the ghosts, who beat the weakened Hunson. Marceline is powerless to stop them, but Finn's new sword saves them. The group escapes and meets Princess Bubblegum, and Marceline and Hunson make up.
1. **"The First Investigation"** - Kim Kil Whan sends Finn and Jake to Joshua and Margaret's old office after one of his employees is frightened by something. Finn and Jake see ghosts and objects move around. Finn suddenly sees baby versions of himself, Jake and Jermaine, and gives Jake a wet willy; Jake had claimed that Finn gave him one, years ago, but Finn denied it. Realizing that the ghosts are time remnants, Finn searches for the source; Jake accidentally frightens Kim's employee and sees his birth from "Joshua and Margaret Investigations." They discover that one of Dr. Gross' experiments, Time Bear, is responsible, and Finn leaves a note for the past Joshua and Margaret. Jake meets his alien parent outside, turns blue, and is taken away after leaving a note for Finn: "BRB-Jake."
1. **"Blenanas"** - Upset at Jake's absence, Finn reads an issue of Ble Magazine and sees a doodle of a caveman being bitten on the leg by a dog while a psychiatrist sits next to him. Finn writes, "Ouch! Hey, this isn't helping at all!" He shows it to BMO and Princess Bubblegum, but neither of them gets it. Finn then shows it to the Ice King, who says that he unsuccessfully submitted stories to the magazine. They find the building guarded by a passive pudding troll and learn that it has been abandoned for years. Finn and the Ice King decide to publish a new issue with the joke, but the pudding troll does not get it. Finn accepts the possibility that he is not funny but, when he returns home, he slips on a banana peel, rips his pants, and crashes into a massage chair. BMO and NEPTR laugh, and Finn smiles.
1. **"Jake the Starchild"** - Immediately after "The First Investigation," Jake is brought by his dying alien parent Warren Ampersand to his home planet and discovers that he must defeat an evil alien to save the inhabitants. Warren gives Jake a special belt and wears one himself. As Jake uses his stretching powers, he becomes weaker, and Warren becomes younger; the belts drain Jake's youth and energy. When Warren reveals his scheme and the fact that the planet and evil alien are not real, Jake switches the belts and tricks Warren into returning his powers and youth. Warren then tries to return to Earth after learning that Jake has children from whom he could siphon; Jake tosses him into a black hole, leaving him stranded on the now-empty space rock.
1. **"Temple of Mars"** - Finn is visited by Jermaine, who says that Jake is in space and they must rescue him. They head to Mars, where Normal Man (now King Man) has Betty working to "cure" her. King Man has them enter a cave to search for a device to save Jake, and they encounter a variety of puzzles. They meet Past Betty, who was supposed to go on a trip in a week but met Simon (changing her plans). Finn and Jermaine tell her that she needs to think about herself, and Betty "changes" her past, so she left that day instead of a week later. The cave is the device, and they are reunited with Jake. Betty tells King Man that seeing Finn retrieve Jake has increased her interest in rescuing Simon; she plans to save Simon and retrieve Margles from GOLB, frightening King Man.
1. **"Gumbaldia"** - As Princess Bubblegum prepares for war with Gumbald, Finn and Jake visit him to prevent the battle. They meet with the Gum Family (who are determined to destroy Bubblegum), but when Finn saves Gumbald from falling, they warm to Finn and Jake and sign a peace treaty. Before leaving, Finn and Jake are doused with celebratory juice. When they return to the Candy Kingdom, the juice turns out to be dumdum juice and turns Peppermint Butler into a baby. With no other option, Bubblegum resolves to go to war with her uncle. Gumbald learns about Bubblegum's survival and forms an alliance with past series villains (including a confused Ice King) in preparation for the Gum War, the final battle upon which Ooo's fate depends.
1. **"Come Along with Me"** - In the distant future, Shermy (voiced by Sean Giambrone) and Beth the Pup Princess (voiced by Willow Smith) run around in what remains of Ooo. They find Finn's robotic arm and bring it to the King of Ooo, who turns out to be BMO. The robot tells them about the Great Gum War; before the war begins, Finn and Jake try to convince Princess Bubblegum to reconsider after seeing King Man, Betty, and Maja placing a spell. Marceline questions PB's motives, but Gumbald's spying drives her forward. As the battle is about to begin, Finn has another idea, and he, Jake, PB, Gumbald, and Fern unsuccessfully try to have a civil discussion. Jake tosses the nightmare juice from "Orb," and they are knocked unconscious. In the dream world, Gumbald abandons Fern (who begins fighting Finn) and tries to wake up but is stopped by PB. Gumbald and PB switch places and begin seeing things from each other's perspective. Fern refuses to believe that Finn has suffered; Jake ventures into Finn's subconscious to fetch his vault, and Fern realizes that he and Finn are similar. Finn destroys the grass demon, freeing Fern from its influence while PB and Gumbald make up. They wake up, but Aunt Lolly transforms Gumbald with the dumdum juice because he "was never the epiphany type." As they settle on two candy kingdoms, a worried King Man arrives with GOLB following. GOLB sends his monsters to attack the heroes, and King Man tries to get the Ice King to talk to Betty, who is in a trance. Betty's rude awakening makes Maja explode; she and the Ice King are eaten by GOLB, with Finn jumping in after them and losing his robot arm. As they are digested, the Ice King becomes Simon, and he and Betty make up. The heroes battle the monsters and an infected Gumball Guardian, with Marceline transforming into a giant beast and taking down one of them. Afterward, she and PB confess their love for each other and kiss. Everyone else is critically injured, leaving Jake to take down the Gumball Guardian; he is too late to save the treehouse. BMO consoles Jake with a song; they discover that the song's harmony repels and weakens GOLB and his monsters, and they get everyone to sing. Inside GOLB, Finn, Simon, and Betty hear the song as it forms an exit; Betty remains behind when the Ice King's crown activates. Although she tries to wish GOLB away, she instead wishes for Simon to be safe. Outside, everyone watches as the monsters disappear, and GOLB assumes a humanoid form and leaves. Fern finally disintegrates, and Finn plants his seed at the remains of the treehouse, where a new tree immediately grows. BMO finishes his story as Shermy and Beth leave and realize that they know where the Fern tree is. The Music Hole sings the show's ending theme, "Come Along with Me," while a montage of all the characters (and their fates) is shown. Interspersed throughout the montage are shots of Shermy and Beth climbing the tree; when they find the Finn Sword, they recreate the familiar Finn-and-Jake pose from the show's title card, concluding the series.
1. **"Come Along with Me" (Part 2)**
1. **"Come Along with Me" (Part 3)**
1. **"Come Along with Me" (Part 4)**
